data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/blkdiscard                            blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/blkid                                 blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/blkzone                               blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/findfs                                blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fsck                                  blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lsblk                                 blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/mkswap                                blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/partx                                 blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/swaplabel                             blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/wipefs                                blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkdiscard blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkid   blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blkzone blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/findfs  blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck    blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsblk   blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkswap  blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/partx   blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swaplabel blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wipefs  blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkdiscard.8.gz            blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkid.8.gz                 blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkzone.8.gz               blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/findfs.8.gz                blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.8.gz                  blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsblk.8.gz                 blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkswap.8.gz                blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/partx.8.gz                 blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/swaplabel.8.gz             blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/wipefs.8.gz                blk-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/brotli                                brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/brotli/decode.h                   brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/brotli/encode.h                   brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/brotli/port.h                     brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/brotli/shared_dictionary.h        brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/brotli/types.h                    brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libbrotlicommon.so                    brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libbrotlidec.so                       brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libbrotlienc.so                       brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlicommon.pc          brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlidec.pc             brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libbrotlienc.pc             brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/brotli/copyright                brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/brotli.1.gz                brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/constants.h.3.gz           brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/decode.h.3.gz              brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/encode.h.3.gz              brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/types.h.3.gz               brotli
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bunzip2                               bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzcat                                 bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzcmp                                 bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzdiff                                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzgrep                                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzip2                                 bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzip2recover                          bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzless                                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/bzmore                                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzcmp.1.gz                 bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzdiff.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzgrep.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzip2.1.gz                 bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzless.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzmore.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcups.a                             cups-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcupsimage.a                        cups-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cancel                                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cups-config                           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupsaccept                            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupsctl                               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupsd                                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupsdisable                           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupsenable                            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupsfilter                            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupsreject                            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cupstestppd                           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ippeveprinter                         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ipptool                               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lp                                    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpadmin                               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpc                                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpinfo                                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpmove                                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpoptions                             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpq                                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpr                                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lprm                                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lpstat                                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ppdc                                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ppdhtml                               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ppdi                                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ppdmerge                              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ppdpo                                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/cups/cups-files.conf                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/cups/cups-files.conf.default          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/cups/cupsd.conf                       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/cups/cupsd.conf.default               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/cups/snmp.conf                        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/cups/snmp.conf.default                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/dbus-1/system.d/cups.conf             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/adminutil.h                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/array.h                      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/backend.h                    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/cups.h                       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/dir.h                        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/file.h                       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/http.h                       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/ipp.h                        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/language.h                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/ppd.h                        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/pwg.h                        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/raster.h                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/sidechannel.h                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/transcode.h                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cups/versioning.h                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/http                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/https                    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/ipp                      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/ipps                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/lpd                      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/snmp                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/socket                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/backend/usb                      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/cgi-bin/admin.cgi                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/cgi-bin/classes.cgi              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/cgi-bin/help.cgi                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/cgi-bin/jobs.cgi                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/cgi-bin/printers.cgi             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/command/ippevepcl                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/command/ippeveps                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/daemon/cups-deviced              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/daemon/cups-driverd              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/daemon/cups-exec                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/daemon/cups-lpd                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/filter/commandtops               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/filter/gziptoany                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/filter/pstops                    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/filter/rastertoepson             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/filter/rastertohp                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/filter/rastertolabel             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/filter/rastertopwg               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/monitor/bcp                      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/monitor/tbcp                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/notifier/mailto                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cups/notifier/rss                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcups.so                            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcups.so.2                          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcupsimage.so                       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcupsimage.so.2                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/cups.pc                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/drv/sample.drv                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/color.drv             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/constraint.drv        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/custom.drv            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/grouping.drv          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/laserjet-basic.drv    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/laserjet-pjl.drv      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/minimum.drv           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/postscript.drv        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/r300-basic.drv        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/r300-colorman.drv     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/examples/r300-remote.drv       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/cancel-current-job.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/color.jpg              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/create-job-format.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/create-job-sheets.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/create-job-timeout.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/create-job.test        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/create-printer-subscription.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/cups-create-local-printer.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/document-a4.pdf        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/document-a4.ps         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/document-letter.pdf    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/document-letter.ps     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/fax-job.test           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-completed-jobs.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-devices.test       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-job-attributes.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-job-attributes2.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-job-template-attributes.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-jobs.test          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-notifications.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppd-printer.test   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppd.test           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppds-drv-only.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppds-language.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppds-make-and-model.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppds-make.test     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppds-product.test  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppds-psversion.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-ppds.test          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-printer-attributes-suite.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-printer-attributes.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-printer-description-attributes.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-printers-printer-id.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-printers.test      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/get-subscriptions.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/gray.jpg               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/identify-printer-display.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/identify-printer-multiple.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/identify-printer.test  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/ipp-1.1.test           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/ipp-2.0.test           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/ipp-2.1.test           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/ipp-2.2.test           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/ipp-backend.test       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/ipp-everywhere.test    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/onepage-a4.pdf         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/onepage-a4.ps          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/onepage-letter.pdf     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/onepage-letter.ps      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-and-wait.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-deflate.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-gzip.test    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-hold.test    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-letter.test  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-manual.test  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-media-col.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-media-needed.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job-password.test cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-job.test         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/print-uri.test         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/set-attrs-hold.test    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/testfile.jpg           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/testfile.pcl           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/testfile.pdf           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/testfile.ps            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/testfile.txt           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ipptool/validate-job.test      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/mime/mime.convs                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/mime/mime.types                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ppdc/epson.h                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ppdc/font.defs                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ppdc/hp.h                      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ppdc/label.h                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ppdc/media.defs                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/ppdc/raster.defs               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/add-class.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/add-printer.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/admin.tmpl           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/choose-device.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/choose-make.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/choose-model.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/choose-serial.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/choose-uri.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/class-added.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/class-confirm.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/class-deleted.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/class-modified.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/class.tmpl           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/classes-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/classes.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/command.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/add-class.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/add-printer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/admin.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/choose-device.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/choose-make.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/choose-model.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/choose-serial.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/choose-uri.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/class-added.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/class-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/class-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/class-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/class.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/classes-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/classes.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/command.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/edit-config.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/error-op.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/error.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/header.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/help-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/help-printable.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/help-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/job-cancel.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/job-hold.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/job-move.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/job-moved.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/job-release.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/job-restart.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/jobs-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/jobs.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/modify-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/modify-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/norestart.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/option-boolean.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/option-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/option-pickone.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/option-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/pager.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-accept.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-reject.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-start.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer-stop.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/printers.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/restart.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/search.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/test-page.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/trailer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/da/users.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/add-class.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/add-printer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/admin.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/choose-device.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/choose-make.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/choose-model.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/choose-serial.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/choose-uri.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/class-added.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/class-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/class-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/class-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/class.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/classes-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/classes.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/command.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/edit-config.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/error-op.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/error.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/header.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/help-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/help-printable.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/help-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/job-cancel.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/job-hold.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/job-move.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/job-moved.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/job-release.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/job-restart.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/jobs-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/jobs.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/modify-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/modify-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/norestart.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/option-boolean.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/option-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/option-pickone.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/option-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/pager.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-accept.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-reject.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-start.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer-stop.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/printers.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/restart.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/search.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/test-page.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/trailer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/de/users.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/edit-config.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/error-op.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/error.tmpl           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/add-class.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/add-printer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/admin.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/choose-device.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/choose-make.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/choose-model.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/choose-serial.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/choose-uri.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/class-added.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/class-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/class-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/class-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/class.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/classes-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/classes.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/command.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/edit-config.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/error-op.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/error.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/header.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/help-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/help-printable.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/help-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/job-cancel.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/job-hold.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/job-move.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/job-moved.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/job-release.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/job-restart.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/jobs-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/jobs.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/modify-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/modify-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/norestart.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/option-boolean.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/option-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/option-pickone.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/option-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/pager.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-accept.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-reject.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-start.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer-stop.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/printers.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/restart.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/search.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/test-page.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/trailer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/es/users.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/add-class.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/add-printer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/admin.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/choose-device.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/choose-make.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/choose-model.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/choose-serial.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/choose-uri.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/class-added.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/class-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/class-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/class-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/class.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/classes-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/classes.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/command.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/edit-config.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/error-op.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/error.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/header.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/help-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/help-printable.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/help-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/job-cancel.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/job-hold.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/job-move.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/job-moved.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/job-release.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/job-restart.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/jobs-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/jobs.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/modify-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/modify-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/norestart.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/option-boolean.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/option-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/option-pickone.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/option-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/pager.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-accept.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-reject.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-start.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer-stop.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/printers.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/restart.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/search.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/test-page.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/trailer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/fr/users.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/header.tmpl          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/help-header.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/help-printable.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/help-trailer.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/add-class.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/add-printer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/admin.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/choose-device.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/choose-make.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/choose-model.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/choose-serial.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/choose-uri.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/class-added.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/class-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/class-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/class-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/class.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/classes-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/classes.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/command.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/edit-config.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/error-op.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/error.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/header.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/help-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/help-printable.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/help-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/job-cancel.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/job-hold.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/job-move.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/job-moved.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/job-release.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/job-restart.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/jobs-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/jobs.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/modify-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/modify-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/norestart.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/option-boolean.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/option-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/option-pickone.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/option-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/pager.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-accept.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-reject.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-start.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer-stop.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/printers.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/restart.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/search.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/test-page.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/trailer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ja/users.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/job-cancel.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/job-hold.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/job-move.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/job-moved.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/job-release.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/job-restart.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/jobs-header.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/jobs.tmpl            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/modify-class.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/modify-printer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/norestart.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/option-boolean.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/option-header.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/option-pickone.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/option-trailer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pager.tmpl           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-accept.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-added.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-reject.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-start.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer-stop.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printer.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/printers.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/add-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/add-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/admin.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/choose-device.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/choose-make.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/choose-model.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/choose-serial.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/choose-uri.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/class-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/class-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/class-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/class-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/class.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/classes-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/classes.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/command.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/edit-config.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/error-op.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/error.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/header.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/help-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/help-printable.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/help-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/job-cancel.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/job-hold.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/job-move.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/job-moved.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/job-release.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/job-restart.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/jobs.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/modify-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/modify-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/norestart.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/option-boolean.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/option-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/option-pickone.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/option-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/pager.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-accept.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-reject.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-start.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer-stop.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printer.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/printers.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/restart.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/search.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/test-page.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/trailer.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/pt_BR/users.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/restart.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/add-class.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/add-printer.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/admin.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/choose-device.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/choose-make.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/choose-model.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/choose-serial.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/choose-uri.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/class-added.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/class-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/class-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/class-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/class-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/class.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/classes-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/classes.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/command.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/edit-config.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/error-op.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/error.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/header.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/help-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/help-printable.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/help-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/job-cancel.tmpl   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/job-hold.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/job-move.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/job-moved.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/job-release.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/job-restart.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/jobs-header.tmpl  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/jobs.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/list-available-printers.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/modify-class.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/modify-printer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/norestart.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/option-boolean.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/option-conflict.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/option-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/option-pickmany.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/option-pickone.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/option-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/pager.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-accept.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-added.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-cancel-jobs.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-configured.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-confirm.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-default.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-deleted.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-jobs-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-modified.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-reject.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-start.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer-stop.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printers-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/printers.tmpl     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/restart.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/search.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/test-page.tmpl    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/trailer.tmpl      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/ru/users.tmpl        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/search.tmpl          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/set-printer-options-header.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/set-printer-options-trailer.tmpl cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/test-page.tmpl       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/trailer.tmpl         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/cups/templates/users.tmpl           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/apple-touch-icon.png       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/copyright                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/cups-printable.css         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/cups.css                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/da/index.html              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/de/index.html              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/es/index.html              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/fr/index.html              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/accounting.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/admin.html            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/api-admin.html        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/api-filter.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/api-ppd.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/cgi.html              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/cupspm.html           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/encryption.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/firewalls.html        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/glossary.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/kerberos.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/license.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-backend.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cancel.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-classes.conf.html cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-client.conf.html  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cups-config.html  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cups-files.conf.html cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cups-lpd.html     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cups-snmp.html    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cups.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cupsaccept.html   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cupsd-helper.html cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cupsd-logs.html   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cupsd.conf.html   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cupsd.html        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cupsenable.html   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-cupstestppd.html  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-filter.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ippevepcl.html    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ippeveprinter.html cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ipptool.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ipptoolfile.html  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lp.html           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpadmin.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpc.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpinfo.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpmove.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpoptions.html    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpq.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpr.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lprm.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-lpstat.html       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-mime.convs.html   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-mime.types.html   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-notifier.html     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ppdc.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ppdhtml.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ppdi.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ppdmerge.html     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-ppdpo.html        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-printers.conf.html cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/man-subscriptions.conf.html cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/network.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/options.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/overview.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/policies.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/postscript-driver.html cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/ppd-compiler.html     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/raster-driver.html    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/ref-ppdcfile.html     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/security.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/sharing.html          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/spec-banner.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/spec-command.html     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/spec-design.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/spec-ipp.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/spec-ppd.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/spec-raster.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/spec-stp.html         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/help/translation.html      cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/cups-block-diagram.png cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/cups-command-chain.png cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/cups-postscript-chain.png cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/cups-raster-chain.png cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/cups.png            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/raster-organization.png cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/raster.png          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/sample-image.png    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/smiley.jpg          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/images/wait.gif            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/index.html                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/ja/index.html              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/pt_BR/index.html           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/robots.txt                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/cups/ru/index.html              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/cancel.1.gz                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/cups-config.1.gz           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/cups.1.gz                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/cupstestppd.1.gz           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ippeveprinter.1.gz         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ipptool.1.gz               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lp.1.gz                    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lpoptions.1.gz             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lpq.1.gz                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lpr.1.gz                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lprm.1.gz                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lpstat.1.gz                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ppdc.1.gz                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ppdhtml.1.gz               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ppdi.1.gz                  cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ppdmerge.1.gz              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ppdpo.1.gz                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/classes.conf.5.gz          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/client.conf.5.gz           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/cups-files.conf.5.gz       cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/cups-snmp.conf.5.gz        cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/cupsd-logs.5.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/cupsd.conf.5.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/ipptoolfile.5.gz           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/mailto.conf.5.gz           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/mime.convs.5.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/mime.types.5.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/ppdcfile.5.gz              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/printers.conf.5.gz         cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/subscriptions.conf.5.gz    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man7/backend.7.gz               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man7/filter.7.gz                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man7/ippevepcl.7.gz             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man7/ippeveps.7.gz              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man7/notifier.7.gz              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cups-deviced.8.gz          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cups-driverd.8.gz          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cups-exec.8.gz             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cups-lpd.8.gz              cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cups-snmp.8.gz             cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsaccept.8.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsctl.8.gz               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsd-helper.8.gz          cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsd.8.gz                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsdisable.8.gz           cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsenable.8.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsfilter.8.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cupsreject.8.gz            cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/lpadmin.8.gz               cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/lpc.8.gz                   cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/lpinfo.8.gz                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/lpmove.8.gz                cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/var/service/cupsd/down                    cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/var/service/cupsd/log/run                 cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/var/service/cupsd/run                     cups
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cfdisk                                fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fdisk                                 fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/sfdisk                                fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cfdisk  fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fdisk   fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/sfdisk  fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/cfdisk.8.gz                fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/fdisk.8.gz                 fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/sfdisk.8.gz                fdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.a                       fontconfig-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.la                      fontconfig-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-cache                              fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-cat                                fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-conflist                           fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-list                               fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-match                              fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-pattern                            fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-query                              fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-scan                               fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fc-validate                           fontconfig-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-hinting-slight.conf   fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-sub-pixel-none.conf   fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/10-yes-antialias.conf    fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/11-lcdfilter-default.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/20-unhint-small-vera.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/30-metric-aliases.conf   fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/40-nonlatin.conf         fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/45-generic.conf          fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/45-latin.conf            fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/48-spacing.conf          fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/49-sansserif.conf        fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/50-user.conf             fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/51-local.conf            fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/60-generic.conf          fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/60-latin.conf            fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-fonts-persian.conf    fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/65-nonlatin.conf         fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/69-unifont.conf          fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/80-delicious.conf        fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/90-synthetic.conf        fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/conf.d/README                   fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/fonts/fonts.conf                      fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fcfreetype.h           fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fcprivate.h            fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/fontconfig/fontconfig.h           fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfontconfig.so                      fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fontconfig.pc               fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/fontconfig/copyright            fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/05-reset-dirs-sample.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/09-autohint-if-no-hinting.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-autohint.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-full.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-medium.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-hinting-slight.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-no-antialias.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-scale-bitmap-fonts.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-bgr.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-rgb.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vbgr.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-sub-pixel-vrgb.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-unhinted.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/10-yes-antialias.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-default.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-legacy.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-light.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/11-lcdfilter-none.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/20-unhint-small-vera.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/25-unhint-nonlatin.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/30-metric-aliases.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/35-lang-normalize.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/40-nonlatin.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/45-generic.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/45-latin.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/48-spacing.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/49-sansserif.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/50-user.conf  fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/51-local.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/60-generic.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/60-latin.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-fonts-persian.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-khmer.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/65-nonlatin.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/69-unifont.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-no-bitmaps-and-emoji.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-no-bitmaps-except-emoji.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-no-bitmaps.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/70-yes-bitmaps.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/80-delicious.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/fontconfig/conf.avail/90-synthetic.conf fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/gettext/its/fontconfig.its          fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/gettext/its/fontconfig.loc          fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/xml/fontconfig/fonts.dtd            fontconfig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.a                         freetype-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.la                        freetype-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/freetype-config                       freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftconfig.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftheader.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftmodule.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftoption.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/ftstdlib.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/integer-types.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/mac-support.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/config/public-macros.h freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/freetype.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftadvanc.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbbox.h       freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbdf.h        freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbitmap.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftbzip2.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcache.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftchapters.h   freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcid.h        freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftcolor.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftdriver.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fterrdef.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fterrors.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftfntfmt.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgasp.h       freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftglyph.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgxval.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftgzip.h       freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftimage.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftincrem.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlcdfil.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlist.h       freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlogging.h    freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftlzw.h        freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmac.h        freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmm.h         freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmodapi.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftmoderr.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftotval.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftoutln.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftparams.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftpfr.h        freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftrender.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsizes.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsnames.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftstroke.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsynth.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftsystem.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fttrigon.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/fttypes.h      freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ftwinfnt.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/otsvg.h        freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/t1tables.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/ttnameid.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/tttables.h     freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/freetype/tttags.h       freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/freetype2/ft2build.h              freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfreetype.so                        freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/freetype2.pc                freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/aclocal/freetype2.m4                freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/freetype/copyright              freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/freetype-config.1.gz       freetype
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.a                             gdbm-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.la                            gdbm-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.a                      gdbm-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.la                     gdbm-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gdbm_dump                             gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gdbm_load                             gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gdbmtool                              gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/dbm.h                             gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gdbm.h                            gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ndbm.h                            gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgdbm.so                            gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgdbm_compat.so                     gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/gdbm/copyright                  gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/gdbm.info                      gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbm_dump.1.gz             gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbm_load.1.gz             gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/gdbmtool.1.gz              gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/gdbm.3.gz                  gdbm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgif.a                              giflib-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gif2rgb                               giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gifbuild                              giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gifclrmp                              giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/giffix                                giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/giftext                               giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/giftool                               giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/gif2rgb.xml.gz             giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/gifbuild.xml.gz            giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/gifclrmp.xml.gz            giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/giffix.xml.gz              giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/giflib.xml.gz              giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/giftext.xml.gz             giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/giftool.xml.gz             giflib-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gif_lib.h                         giflib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgif.so                             giflib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgif.so.7                           giflib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgif.so.7.2.0                       giflib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/giflib/copyright                giflib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/certtool                              gnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/danetool                              gnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gnutls-cli                            gnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gnutls-cli-debug                      gnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/gnutls-serv                           gnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ocsptool                              gnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/psktool                               gnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/iconv                                 iconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.a                     libandroid-glob-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/glob.h                            libandroid-glob
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.so                    libandroid-glob
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-glob/copyright       libandroid-glob
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-posix-semaphore.a          libandroid-posix-semaphore-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-posix-semaphore.so         libandroid-posix-semaphore
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-posix-semaphore/copyright libandroid-posix-semaphore
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-shmem.a                    libandroid-shmem-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/sys/shm.h                         libandroid-shmem
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-shmem.so                   libandroid-shmem
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-shmem/copyright      libandroid-shmem
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-spawn.a                    libandroid-spawn-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/spawn.h                           libandroid-spawn
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-spawn.so                   libandroid-spawn
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-spawn/copyright      libandroid-spawn
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.a                  libandroid-support-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.so                 libandroid-support
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt  libandroid-support
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt.1 libandroid-support
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/blkid/blkid.h                     libblkid
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libblkid.so                           libblkid
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/blkid.pc                    libblkid
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/libblkid.3.gz              libblkid
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/bzlib.h                           libbz2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so                             libbz2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0                         libbz2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0.8                       libbz2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libbz2/copyright                libbz2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libc++_shared.so                      libc++
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libc++/copyright                libc++
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.a                           libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.la                          libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.a                     libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.la                    libcap-ng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/captest                               libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/filecap                               libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/netcap                                libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pscap                                 libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/cap-ng.h                          libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcap-ng.so                          libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libdrop_ambient.so                    libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcap-ng.pc                libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/aclocal/cap-ng.m4                   libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libcap-ng/copyright             libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_apply.3.gz           libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_apply_caps_fd.3.gz   libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_capability_to_name.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_change_id.3.gz       libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_clear.3.gz           libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_fill.3.gz            libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_caps_fd.3.gz     libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_caps_process.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_get_rootid.3.gz      libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_have_capabilities.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_have_capability.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_lock.3.gz            libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_name_to_capability.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_print_caps_numeric.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_print_caps_text.3.gz libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_restore_state.3.gz   libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_save_state.3.gz      libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_set_rootid.3.gz      libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_setpid.3.gz          libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_update.3.gz          libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/capng_updatev.3.gz         libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man7/libdrop_ambient.7.gz       libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/captest.8.gz               libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/filecap.8.gz               libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/netcap.8.gz                libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/pscap.8.gz                 libcap-ng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/crypt.h                           libcrypt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcrypt.so                           libcrypt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libcrypt/copyright              libcrypt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/evdns.h                           libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event.h                           libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/buffer.h                   libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/buffer_compat.h            libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent.h              libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent_compat.h       libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/bufferevent_struct.h       libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/dns.h                      libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/dns_compat.h               libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/dns_struct.h               libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/event-config.h             libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/event.h                    libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/event_compat.h             libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/event_struct.h             libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/http.h                     libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/http_compat.h              libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/http_struct.h              libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/keyvalq_struct.h           libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/listener.h                 libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/rpc.h                      libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/rpc_compat.h               libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/rpc_struct.h               libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/tag.h                      libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/tag_compat.h               libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/thread.h                   libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/util.h                     libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/event2/visibility.h               libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/evhttp.h                          libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/evrpc.h                           libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/evutil.h                          libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventConfig.cmake   libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventConfigVersion.cmake libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventTargets-shared-release.cmake libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libevent/LibeventTargets-shared.cmake libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent-2.1.so                       libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent.so                           libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent_core-2.1.so                  libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent_core.so                      libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent_extra-2.1.so                 libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent_extra.so                     libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent_pthreads-2.1.so              libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libevent_pthreads.so                  libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent.pc                 libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_core.pc            libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_extra.pc           libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libevent_pthreads.pc        libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libevent/copyright              libevent
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libexpat.a                            libexpat-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libexpat.la                           libexpat-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/expat.h                           libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/expat_config.h                    libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/expat_external.h                  libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.7.1/expat-config-version.cmake libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.7.1/expat-config.cmake  libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.7.1/expat-noconfig.cmake libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/expat-2.7.1/expat.cmake         libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libexpat.so                           libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libexpat.so.1                         libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libexpat.so.1.10.2                    libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/expat.pc                    libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/expat/AUTHORS                   libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/expat/changelog                 libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libexpat/copyright              libexpat
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/libfdisk/libfdisk.h               libfdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.so                           libfdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/fdisk.pc                    libfdisk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libffi.a                              libffi-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libffi.la                             libffi-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ffi.h                             libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ffitarget.h                       libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libffi.so                             libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libffi.pc                   libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libffi/copyright                libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/libffi.info                    libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi.3.gz                   libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_call.3.gz              libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_prep_cif.3.gz          libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ffi_prep_cif_var.3.gz      libffi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgmp.a                              libgmp-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgmp.la                             libgmp-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.a                            libgmp-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.la                           libgmp-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gmp.h                             libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gmpxx.h                           libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgmp.so                             libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.so                           libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmp.pc                      libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmpxx.pc                    libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libgmp/copyright                libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info                       libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-1                     libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-2                     libgmp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.a                      libgnutls-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.la                     libgnutls-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.a                           libgnutls-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.la                          libgnutls-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.a                         libgnutls-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.la                        libgnutls-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/abstract.h                 libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/compat.h                   libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/crypto.h                   libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/dane.h                     libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/dtls.h                     libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/gnutls.h                   libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/gnutlsxx.h                 libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/ocsp.h                     libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/openpgp.h                  libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs11.h                   libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs12.h                   libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/pkcs7.h                    libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/self-test.h                libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/socket.h                   libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/system-keys.h              libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/tpm.h                      libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/urls.h                     libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/x509-ext.h                 libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/gnutls/x509.h                     libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutls-dane.so                     libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutls.so                          libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libgnutlsxx.so                        libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gnutls-dane.pc              libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gnutls.pc                   libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libgnutls/copyright             libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libgnutls/copyright.1           libgnutls
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ICE/ICE.h                     libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ICE/ICEconn.h                 libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ICE/ICElib.h                  libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ICE/ICEmsg.h                  libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ICE/ICEproto.h                libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ICE/ICEutil.h                 libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libICE.la                             libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libICE.so                             libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ice.pc                      libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libICE/ICElib.xml               libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libICE/ice.xml                  libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libice/copyright                libice
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcharset.a                          libiconv-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcharset.la                         libiconv-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libiconv.a                            libiconv-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libiconv.la                           libiconv-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/iconv.h                           libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/libcharset.h                      libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/localcharset.h                    libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcharset.so                         libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libiconv.so                           libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.1.html                    libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.3.html                    libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_close.3.html              libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open.3.html               libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open_into.3.html          libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/iconvctl.3.html                 libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/copyright              libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/copyright.1            libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/iconv.1.gz                 libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv.3.gz                 libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_close.3.gz           libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open.3.gz            libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open_into.3.gz       libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconvctl.3.gz              libiconv
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libidn2.a                             libidn2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libidn2.la                            libidn2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/idn2                                  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/idn2.h                            libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libidn2.so                            libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libidn2.pc                  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/copyright               libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/copyright.1             libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libidn2/copyright.2             libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/libidn2.info                   libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/idn2.1.gz                  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_check_version.3.gz    libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_free.3.gz             libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_lookup_u8.3.gz        libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_lookup_ul.3.gz        libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_register_u8.3.gz      libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_register_ul.3.gz      libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_strerror.3.gz         libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_strerror_name.3.gz    libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4i.3.gz      libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4i2.3.gz     libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_4z.3.gz      libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_8z.3.gz      libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_ascii_lz.3.gz      libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_44i.3.gz   libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_4z4z.3.gz  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8z4z.3.gz  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8z8z.3.gz  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_8zlz.3.gz  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idn2_to_unicode_lzlz.3.gz  libidn2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cjpeg                                 libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/djpeg                                 libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/jpegtran                              libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/rdjpgcom                              libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tjbench                               libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/wrjpgcom                              libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/cjpeg.1.gz                 libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/djpeg.1.gz                 libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/jpegtran.1.gz              libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/rdjpgcom.1.gz              libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/wrjpgcom.1.gz              libjpeg-turbo-progs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libjpeg.a                             libjpeg-turbo-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libturbojpeg.a                        libjpeg-turbo-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/jconfig.h                         libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/jerror.h                          libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/jmorecfg.h                        libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/jpeglib.h                         libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/turbojpeg.h                       libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turboConfig.cmake libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turboConfigVersion.cmake libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turboTargets-release.cmake libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg-turboTargets.cmake libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libjpeg.so                            libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libjpeg.so.8                          libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libjpeg.so.8.3.2                      libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libturbojpeg.so                       libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libturbojpeg.so.0                     libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libturbojpeg.so.0.4.0                 libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libjpeg.pc                  libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libturbojpeg.pc             libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/LICENSE.md        libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/README.ijg        libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/README.md         libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/example.c         libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/libjpeg.txt       libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/structure.txt     libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/tjcomp.c          libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/tjdecomp.c        libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/tjtran.c          libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/usage.txt         libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libjpeg-turbo/wizard.txt        libjpeg-turbo
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblzma.a                             liblzma-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblzma.la                            liblzma-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/base.h                       liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/bcj.h                        liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/block.h                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/check.h                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/container.h                  liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/delta.h                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/filter.h                     liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/hardware.h                   liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/index.h                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/index_hash.h                 liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/lzma12.h                     liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/stream_flags.h               liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/version.h                    liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma/vli.h                        liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lzma.h                            liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so                            liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so.5                          liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblzma.so.5.8.1                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/liblzma.pc                  liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING                 liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.GPLv2           liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.GPLv3           liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/liblzma/COPYING.LGPLv2.1        liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/AUTHORS                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/COPYING                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/COPYING.0BSD                 liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/COPYING.GPLv2                liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/NEWS                         liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/README                       liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/THANKS                       liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/00_README.txt       liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/01_compress_easy.c  liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/02_decompress.c     liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/03_compress_custom.c liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/04_compress_easy_mt.c liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/11_file_info.c      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/examples/Makefile            liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/faq.txt                      liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/history.txt                  liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/lzma-file-format.txt         liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/xz/xz-file-format.txt           liblzma
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/libmount/libmount.h               libmount
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmount.so                           libmount
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/mount.pc                    libmount
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.a                          libnettle-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libnettle.a                           libnettle-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/aes.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/arcfour.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/arctwo.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/asn1.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/balloon.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/base16.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/base64.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/bignum.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/blowfish.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/buffer.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/camellia.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/cast128.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/cbc.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/ccm.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/cfb.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/chacha-poly1305.h          libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/chacha.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/cmac.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/ctr.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/curve25519.h               libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/curve448.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/des.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/drbg-ctr.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/dsa-compat.h               libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/dsa.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/eax.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/ecc-curve.h                libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/ecc.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/ecdsa.h                    libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/eddsa.h                    libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/gcm.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/gostdsa.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/gosthash94.h               libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/hkdf.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/hmac.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/knuth-lfib.h               libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/macros.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/md2.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/md4.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/md5-compat.h               libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/md5.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/memops.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/memxor.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/nettle-meta.h              libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/nettle-types.h             libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/nist-keywrap.h             libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/ocb.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/pbkdf2.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/pgp.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/pkcs1.h                    libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/poly1305.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/pss-mgf1.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/pss.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/realloc.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/ripemd160.h                libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/rsa.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/salsa20.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/serpent.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/sexp.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/sha.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/sha1.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/sha2.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/sha3.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/siv-cmac.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/siv-gcm.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/sm3.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/sm4.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/streebog.h                 libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/twofish.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/umac.h                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/version.h                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/xts.h                      libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nettle/yarrow.h                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so                         libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so.6                       libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhogweed.so.6.10                    libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so                          libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so.8                        libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libnettle.so.8.10                     libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/hogweed.pc                  libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/nettle.pc                   libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libnettle/copyright             libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libnettle/copyright.1           libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/nettle.info                    libnettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.a                          libnghttp2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.la                         libnghttp2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2.h                 libnghttp2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2ver.h              libnghttp2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.so                         libnghttp2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libnghttp2.pc               libnghttp2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libnghttp2/copyright            libnghttp2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/nghttp2/README.rst              libnghttp2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpng.a                              libpng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpng.la                             libpng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpng16.a                            libpng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpng16.la                           libpng-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/libpng-config                         libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/libpng16-config                       libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/libpng16/png.h                    libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/libpng16/pngconf.h                libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/libpng16/pnglibconf.h             libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/png.h                             libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/pngconf.h                         libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/pnglibconf.h                      libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpng.so                             libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpng16.so                           libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpng.pc                   libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpng16.pc                 libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libpng/copyright                libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/libpng.3.gz                libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/libpngpf.3.gz              libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/png.5.gz                   libpng
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/SM/SM.h                       libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/SM/SMlib.h                    libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/SM/SMproto.h                  libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libSM.la                              libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libSM.so                              libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/sm.pc                       libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libSM/SMlib.xml                 libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libSM/xsmp.xml                  libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libsm/copyright                 libsm
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/libsmartcols/libsmartcols.h       libsmartcols
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.so                       libsmartcols
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/smartcols.pc                libsmartcols
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.a                          libsqlite-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/sqlite3.49.2/libsqlite3.49.2.so       libsqlite-tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/sqlite3.49.2/pkgIndex.tcl             libsqlite-tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/sqlite3.n.gz               libsqlite-tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/sqlite3.h                         libsqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/sqlite3ext.h                      libsqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.so                         libsqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.so.0                       libsqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libsqlite3.so.3.49.2                  libsqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/sqlite3.pc                  libsqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libsqlite/copyright             libsqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtiff.a                             libtiff-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtiff.la                            libtiff-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtiffxx.a                           libtiff-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtiffxx.la                          libtiff-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fax2ps                                libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fax2tiff                              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pal2rgb                               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ppm2tiff                              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/raw2tiff                              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiff2bw                               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiff2pdf                              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiff2ps                               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiff2rgba                             libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffcmp                               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffcp                                libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffcrop                              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffdither                            libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffdump                              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffinfo                              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffmedian                            libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffset                               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tiffsplit                             libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/fax2ps.1.gz                libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/fax2tiff.1.gz              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/pal2rgb.1.gz               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ppm2tiff.1.gz              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/raw2tiff.1.gz              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/rgb2ycbcr.1.gz             libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/thumbnail.1.gz             libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiff2bw.1.gz               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiff2pdf.1.gz              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiff2ps.1.gz               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiff2rgba.1.gz             libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffcmp.1.gz               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffcp.1.gz                libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffcrop.1.gz              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffdither.1.gz            libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffdump.1.gz              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffgt.1.gz                libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffinfo.1.gz              libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffmedian.1.gz            libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffset.1.gz               libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tiffsplit.1.gz             libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFAccessTagMethods.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFClientInfo.3tiff.gz    libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFClose.3tiff.gz         libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFCreateDirectory.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFCustomDirectory.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFCustomTagList.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFDataWidth.3tiff.gz     libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFDeferStrileArrayWriting.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFError.3tiff.gz         libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFieldDataType.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFieldName.3tiff.gz     libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFieldPassCount.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFieldQuery.3tiff.gz    libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFieldReadCount.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFieldTag.3tiff.gz      libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFieldWriteCount.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFFlush.3tiff.gz         libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFGetField.3tiff.gz      libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFMergeFieldInfo.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFOpen.3tiff.gz          libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFPrintDirectory.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFProcFunctions.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFRGBAImage.3tiff.gz     libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadDirectory.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadEncodedStrip.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadEncodedTile.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadFromUserBuffer.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadRGBAImage.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadRGBAStrip.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadRGBATile.3tiff.gz  libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadRawStrip.3tiff.gz  libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadRawTile.3tiff.gz   libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadScanline.3tiff.gz  libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFReadTile.3tiff.gz      libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFSetDirectory.3tiff.gz  libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFSetField.3tiff.gz      libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFSetTagExtender.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFStrileQuery.3tiff.gz   libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWarning.3tiff.gz       libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWriteDirectory.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWriteEncodedStrip.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWriteEncodedTile.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWriteRawStrip.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWriteRawTile.3tiff.gz  libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWriteScanline.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFWriteTile.3tiff.gz     libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFbuffer.3tiff.gz        libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFcodec.3tiff.gz         libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFcolor.3tiff.gz         libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFmemory.3tiff.gz        libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFquery.3tiff.gz         libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFsize.3tiff.gz          libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFstrip.3tiff.gz         libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFswab.3tiff.gz          libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TIFFtile.3tiff.gz          libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_TIFFRewriteField.3tiff.gz libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_TIFFauxiliary.3tiff.gz    libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/libtiff.3tiff.gz           libtiff-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tiff.h                            libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tiffconf.h                        libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tiffio.h                          libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tiffio.hxx                        libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tiffvers.h                        libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtiff.so                            libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtiffxx.so                          libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libtiff-4.pc                libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libtiff/LICENSE.md              libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/ChangeLog            libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/LICENSE.md           libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/README.md            libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/RELEASE-DATE         libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/TODO                 libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/VERSION              libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/.buildinfo    libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/bali.jpg libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/cat.gif libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/cover.jpg libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/cramps.gif libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/dave.gif libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/esri.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/jim.gif libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/leica.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/quad.jpg libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/ring.gif libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/safe.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/smallliz.jpg libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/strike.gif libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_images/weogeo.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/addingtags.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/build.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/contrib.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFAccessTagMethods.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFClientInfo.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFClose.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFCreateDirectory.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFCustomDirectory.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFCustomTagList.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFDataWidth.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFDeferStrileArrayWriting.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFError.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFieldDataType.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFieldName.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFieldPassCount.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFieldQuery.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFieldReadCount.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFieldTag.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFieldWriteCount.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFFlush.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFGetField.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFMergeFieldInfo.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFOpen.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFOpenOptions.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFPrintDirectory.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFProcFunctions.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFRGBAImage.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadDirectory.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadEncodedStrip.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadEncodedTile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadFromUserBuffer.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadRGBAImage.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadRGBAStrip.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadRGBATile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadRawStrip.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadRawTile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadScanline.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFReadTile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFSetDirectory.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFSetField.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFSetTagExtender.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFStrileQuery.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWarning.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWriteDirectory.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWriteEncodedStrip.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWriteEncodedTile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWriteRawStrip.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWriteRawTile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWriteScanline.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFWriteTile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFbuffer.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFcodec.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFcolor.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFmemory.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFquery.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFsize.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFstrip.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFswab.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/TIFFtile.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/_TIFFRewriteField.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/_TIFFauxiliary.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions/libtiff.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/functions.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/images.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/index.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/internals.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/libtiff.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/multi_page.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/project/acknowledgements.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/project/bugs.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/project/index.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/project/license.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/project/mailinglist.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/project/psc.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/historical.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/index.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta007.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta016.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta018.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta024.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta028.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta029.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta031.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta032.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta033.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta034.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta035.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.4beta036.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.5.1.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.5.2.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.5.3.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.5.4.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.5.5.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.5.6beta.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.5.7.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.6.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.6.1.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.0alpha.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.0beta.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.0beta2.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.1.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.2.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.3.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.7.4.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.8.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.8.1.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.8.2.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.9.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.9.0beta.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.9.1.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.9.2.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.9.3.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.9.4.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v3.9.5.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.1.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.10.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.2.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.3.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.4.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.4beta.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.5.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.6.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.7.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.8.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.0.9.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.1.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.2.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.3.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.4.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.5.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.5.1.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.6.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/releases/v4.7.0.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/rfcs/index.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/rfcs/rfc1_psc.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/rfcs/rfc2_restoring_needed_tools.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/specification/bigtiff.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/specification/coverage-bigtiff.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/specification/coverage.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/specification/index.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/specification/technote2.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/terms.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/fax2ps.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/fax2tiff.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/pal2rgb.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/ppm2tiff.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/raw2tiff.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/rgb2ycbcr.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/thumbnail.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiff2bw.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiff2pdf.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiff2ps.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiff2rgba.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffcmp.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffcp.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffcrop.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffdither.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffdump.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffgt.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffinfo.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffmedian.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffset.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools/tiffsplit.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_sources/tools.rst.txt libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/basic.css libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/contents.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/doctools.js libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/documentation_options.js libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/file.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/language_data.js libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/minus.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/navigation.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/plus.png libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/pygments.css libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/searchtools.js libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/sphinx_highlight.js libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/_static/sphinxdoc.css libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/addingtags.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/build.html    libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/contrib.html  libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFAccessTagMethods.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFClientInfo.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFClose.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFCreateDirectory.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFCustomDirectory.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFCustomTagList.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFDataWidth.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFDeferStrileArrayWriting.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFError.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFieldDataType.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFieldName.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFieldPassCount.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFieldQuery.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFieldReadCount.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFieldTag.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFieldWriteCount.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFFlush.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFGetField.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFMergeFieldInfo.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFOpen.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFOpenOptions.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFPrintDirectory.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFProcFunctions.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFRGBAImage.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadDirectory.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadEncodedStrip.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadEncodedTile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadFromUserBuffer.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadRGBAImage.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadRGBAStrip.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadRGBATile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadRawStrip.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadRawTile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadScanline.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFReadTile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFSetDirectory.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFSetField.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFSetTagExtender.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFStrileQuery.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWarning.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWriteDirectory.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWriteEncodedStrip.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWriteEncodedTile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWriteRawStrip.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWriteRawTile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWriteScanline.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFWriteTile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFbuffer.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFcodec.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFcolor.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFmemory.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFquery.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFsize.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFstrip.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFswab.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/TIFFtile.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/_TIFFRewriteField.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/_TIFFauxiliary.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions/libtiff.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/functions.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/genindex.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/images.html   libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/index.html    libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/internals.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/libtiff.html  libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/multi_page.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/objects.inv   libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/project/acknowledgements.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/project/bugs.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/project/index.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/project/license.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/project/mailinglist.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/project/psc.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/historical.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/index.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta007.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta016.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta018.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta024.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta028.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta029.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta031.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta032.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta033.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta034.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta035.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.4beta036.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.5.1.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.5.2.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.5.3.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.5.4.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.5.5.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.5.6beta.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.5.7.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.6.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.6.1.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.0alpha.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.0beta.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.0beta2.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.1.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.2.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.3.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.7.4.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.8.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.8.1.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.8.2.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.9.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.9.0beta.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.9.1.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.9.2.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.9.3.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.9.4.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v3.9.5.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.1.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.10.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.2.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.3.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.4.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.4beta.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.5.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.6.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.7.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.8.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.0.9.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.1.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.2.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.3.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.4.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.5.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.5.1.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.6.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/releases/v4.7.0.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/rfcs/index.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/rfcs/rfc1_psc.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/rfcs/rfc2_restoring_needed_tools.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/search.html   libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/searchindex.js libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/specification/bigtiff.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/specification/coverage-bigtiff.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/specification/coverage.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/specification/index.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/specification/technote2.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/terms.html    libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/fax2ps.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/fax2tiff.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/pal2rgb.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/ppm2tiff.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/raw2tiff.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/rgb2ycbcr.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/thumbnail.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiff2bw.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiff2pdf.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiff2ps.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiff2rgba.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffcmp.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffcp.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffcrop.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffdither.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffdump.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffgt.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffinfo.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffmedian.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffset.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools/tiffsplit.html libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tiff-4.7.0/manual/tools.html    libtiff
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libunbound.a                          libunbound-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libunbound.la                         libunbound-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unbound-event.h                   libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unbound.h                         libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libunbound.so                         libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libunbound.pc               libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunbound/copyright            libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/libunbound.3.gz            libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_cancel.3.gz             libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx.3.gz                libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_add_ta.3.gz         libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_add_ta_file.3.gz    libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_async.3.gz          libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_config.3.gz         libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_create.3.gz         libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_data_add.3.gz       libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_data_remove.3.gz    libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_debuglevel.3.gz     libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_debugout.3.gz       libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_delete.3.gz         libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_get_option.3.gz     libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_hosts.3.gz          libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_print_local_zones.3.gz libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_resolvconf.3.gz     libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_set_fwd.3.gz        libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_set_option.3.gz     libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_trustedkeys.3.gz    libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_zone_add.3.gz       libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_ctx_zone_remove.3.gz    libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_fd.3.gz                 libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_poll.3.gz               libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_process.3.gz            libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve.3.gz            libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve_async.3.gz      libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_resolve_free.3.gz       libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_result.3.gz             libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_strerror.3.gz           libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ub_wait.3.gz               libunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libunistring.a                        libunistring-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libunistring.la                       libunistring-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unicase.h                         libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/uniconv.h                         libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unictype.h                        libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unigbrk.h                         libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unilbrk.h                         libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unimetadata.h                     libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/uniname.h                         libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/uninorm.h                         libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistdio.h                        libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistr.h                          libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistring/cdefs.h                 libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistring/iconveh.h               libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistring/inline.h                libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistring/localcharset.h          libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistring/stdint.h                libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistring/version.h               libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unistring/woe32dll.h              libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unitypes.h                        libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/uniwbrk.h                         libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/uniwidth.h                        libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libunistring.so                       libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/copyright          libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/copyright.1        libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_1.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_10.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_11.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_12.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_13.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_14.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_15.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_16.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_17.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_18.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_19.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_2.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_20.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_21.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_22.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_23.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_3.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_4.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_5.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_6.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_7.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_8.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_9.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_abt.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_fot.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libunistring/libunistring_toc.html libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/libunistring.info              libunistring
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/uuid/uuid.h                       libuuid
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libuuid.so                            libuuid
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/uuid.pc                     libuuid
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.a                          libx11-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.la                         libx11-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libX11.a                              libx11-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libX11.la                             libx11-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ImUtil.h                      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/XKBlib.h                      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xcms.h                        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xlib-xcb.h                    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xlib.h                        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/XlibConf.h                    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xlibint.h                     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xlocale.h                     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xregion.h                     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xresource.h                   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xutil.h                       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/cursorfont.h                  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XKBgeom.h          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libX11-xcb.so                         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libX11.so                             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libX11.so.6                           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/x11-xcb.pc                  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/x11.pc                      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/XErrorDB                        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/Xcms.txt                        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/Compose                libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/XI18N_OBJS             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/C/XLC_LOCALE             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/am_ET.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/armscii-8/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/compose.dir              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/cs_CZ.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/el_GR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/en_US.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/fi_FI.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/Compose libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-academy/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/georgian-ps/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ibm-cp1133/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iscii-dev/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/isiri-3342/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-1/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-10/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-11/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-13/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-14/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-15/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-2/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-3/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-4/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-5/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-6/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-7/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-8/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/iso8859-9e/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/Compose           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/XI18N_OBJS        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.JIS/XLC_LOCALE        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/Compose          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/XI18N_OBJS       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja.SJIS/XLC_LOCALE       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ja_JP.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/km_KH.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/Compose               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/XI18N_OBJS            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko/XLC_LOCALE            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ko_KR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/Compose           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/XI18N_OBJS        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-c/XLC_LOCALE        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/Compose           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/XI18N_OBJS        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-r/XLC_LOCALE        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/Compose           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/XI18N_OBJS        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/koi8-u/XLC_LOCALE        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/locale.alias             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/locale.dir               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/Compose libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1251/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/Compose libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1255/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/Compose libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/microsoft-cp1256/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/mulelao-1/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/nokhchi-1/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_BR.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/pt_PT.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/ru_RU.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/sr_RS.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tatar-cyr/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/Compose            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/XI18N_OBJS         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH/XLC_LOCALE         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/th_TH.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/Compose          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/XI18N_OBJS       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/tscii-0/XLC_LOCALE       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.tcvn/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/Compose     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/XI18N_OBJS  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/vi_VN.viscii/XLC_LOCALE  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/Compose            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/XI18N_OBJS         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN/XLC_LOCALE         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/Compose    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gb18030/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/Compose        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/XI18N_OBJS     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_CN.gbk/XLC_LOCALE     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/Compose  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/XI18N_OBJS libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_HK.big5hkscs/XLC_LOCALE libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/Compose            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/XI18N_OBJS         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW/XLC_LOCALE         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/Compose      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/XI18N_OBJS   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.UTF-8/XLC_LOCALE   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/Compose       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/XI18N_OBJS    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/X11/locale/zh_TW.big5/XLC_LOCALE    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/dynamicflow.svg      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/dynamicflowsampleseq.svg libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/eventflow.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/sampleprotocolflow1.svg libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/sampleprotocolflow2.svg libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/staticflow.svg       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/staticflowsampleseq.svg libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XIM/xim.xml              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-1.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-10.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-11.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-12.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-13.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-14.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-15.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-16.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-17.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-18.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-19.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-2.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-20.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-21.svg        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-3.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-4.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-5.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-6.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-7.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-8.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/XKBlib-9.svg         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/acknowledgement.xml  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch01.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch02.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch03.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch04.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch05.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch06.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch07.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch08.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch09.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch10.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch11.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch12.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch13.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch14.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch15.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch16.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch17.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch18.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch19.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch20.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch21.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/ch22.xml             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/glossary.xml         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/XKB/xkblib.xml           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/C.xml       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/am_ET.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/armscii-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/cs_CZ.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/el_GR.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/en_US.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/fi_FI.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/georgian-academy.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/georgian-ps.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ibm-cp1133.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iscii-dev.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/isiri-3342.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-1.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-10.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-11.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-13.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-14.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-15.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-2.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-3.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-4.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-5.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-6.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-7.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-9.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/iso8859-9e.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.JIS.xml  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.SJIS.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja.xml      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ja_JP.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/km_KH.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ko.xml      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ko_KR.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-c.xml  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-r.xml  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/koi8-u.xml  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/libX11-keys.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1251.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1255.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/microsoft-cp1256.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/mulelao-1.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/nokhchi-1.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/pt_BR.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/pt_PT.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/ru_RU.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/sr_RS.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/tatar-cyr.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/th_TH.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/th_TH.xml   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/tscii-0.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/vi_VN.tcvn.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/vi_VN.viscii.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.gb18030.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.gbk.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_CN.xml   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.big5.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_HK.big5hkscs.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.UTF-8.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.big5.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/compose/zh_TW.xml   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/framework/framework.svg libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/framework/framework.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/localedb/localedb.xml libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/i18n/trans/trans.xml     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppA.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppB.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppC.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/AppD.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH01.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH02.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH03.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH04.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH05.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH06.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH07.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH08.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH09.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH10.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH11.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH12.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH13.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH14.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH15.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/CH16.xml          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/credits.xml       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/glossary.xml      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libX11/libX11/libX11.xml        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libx11/COPYING                  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/AllPlanes.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapBitOrder.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapPad.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/BitmapUnit.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/BlackPixel.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/BlackPixelOfScreen.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/CellsOfScreen.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ClientWhitePointOfCCC.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ConnectionNumber.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultColormap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultColormapOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultDepth.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultDepthOfScreen.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultGC.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultGCOfScreen.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultRootWindow.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultScreen.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultScreenOfDisplay.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultVisual.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DefaultVisualOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayCells.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayHeight.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayHeightMM.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayOfCCC.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayOfScreen.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayPlanes.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayString.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayWidth.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DisplayWidthMM.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DoesBackingStore.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DoesSaveUnders.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/EventMaskOfScreen.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/HeightMMOfScreen.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/HeightOfScreen.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ImageByteOrder.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsCursorKey.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsFunctionKey.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsKeypadKey.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsMiscFunctionKey.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsModifierKey.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsPFKey.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/IsPrivateKeypadKey.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/LastKnownRequestProcessed.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/MaxCmapsOfScreen.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/MinCmapsOfScreen.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/NextRequest.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/PlanesOfScreen.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ProtocolRevision.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ProtocolVersion.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/QLength.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/RootWindow.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/RootWindowOfScreen.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenCount.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenNumberOfCCC.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenOfDisplay.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ScreenWhitePointOfCCC.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ServerVendor.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/VendorRelease.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/VisualOfCCC.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/WhitePixel.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/WhitePixelOfScreen.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/WidthMMOfScreen.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/WidthOfScreen.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XActivateScreenSaver.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddConnectionWatch.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddHost.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddHosts.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddPixel.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAddToSaveSet.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocClassHint.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColor.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColorCells.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocColorPlanes.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocIconSize.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocNamedColor.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocSizeHints.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocStandardColormap.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllocWMHints.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllowEvents.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAnyEvent.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XArc.3.gz                  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAutoRepeatOff.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAutoRepeatOn.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XBaseFontNameListOfFontSet.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XBell.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XButtonEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeActivePointerGrab.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeGC.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeKeyboardControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeKeyboardMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangePointerControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeProperty.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeSaveSet.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChar2b.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCharStruct.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckIfEvent.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckMaskEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckTypedEvent.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckTypedWindowEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCheckWindowEvent.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindows.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindowsDown.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCirculateSubwindowsUp.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClassHint.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClearArea.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClearWindow.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClientMessageEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XClipBox.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseDisplay.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseIM.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseOM.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XColor.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XColormapEvent.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCompose.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConfigureWindow.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XContextDependentDrawing.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XContextualDrawing.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConvertCase.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XConvertSelection.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyArea.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyColormapAndFree.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyGC.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCopyPlane.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateBitmapFromData.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateColormap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateFontCursor.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateFontSet.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateGC.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateGlyphCursor.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateIC.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateImage.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateOC.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmap.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmapCursor.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreatePixmapFromBitmapData.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateRegion.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateSimpleWindow.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateWindow.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCreateWindowEvent.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCrossingEvent.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDefaultString.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDefineCursor.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteContext.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteModifiermapEntry.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteProperty.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyIC.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyImage.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyOC.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyRegion.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroySubwindows.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyWindow.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDestroyWindowEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDirectionalDependentDrawing.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisableAccessControl.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayKeycodes.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayMotionBufferSize.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayName.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayOfIM.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDisplayOfOM.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawArc.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawArcs.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawImageString.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawImageString16.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawLine.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawLines.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawPoint.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawPoints.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawRectangle.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawRectangles.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawSegments.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawString.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawString16.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawText.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDrawText16.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEmptyRegion.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEnableAccessControl.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEqualRegion.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XErrorEvent.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEvent.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XEventsQueued.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExposeEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExtendedMaxRequestSize.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XExtentsOfFontSet.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchBuffer.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchBytes.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFetchName.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillArc.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillArcs.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillPolygon.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillRectangle.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFillRectangles.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFilterEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFindContext.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFlush.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFocusChangeEvent.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontProp.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontSetExtents.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontStruct.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFontsOfFontSet.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XForceScreenSaver.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFree.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeColormap.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeColors.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeCursor.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeEventData.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeExtensionList.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFont.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontInfo.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontNames.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontPath.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeFontSet.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeGC.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeModifiermap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreePixmap.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeStringList.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGCValues.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGContextFromGC.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGenericEventCookie.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetAtomName.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetAtomNames.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetClassHint.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetCommand.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetErrorDatabaseText.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetErrorText.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetEventData.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetFontPath.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetFontProperty.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetGCValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetGeometry.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetICValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIMValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIconName.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetIconSizes.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetImage.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetInputFocus.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetKeyboardControl.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetKeyboardMapping.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetModifierMapping.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetMotionEvents.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetOCValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetOMValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPixel.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPointerControl.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetPointerMapping.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetRGBColormaps.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetScreenSaver.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetSelectionOwner.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetSubImage.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetTextProperty.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetTransientForHint.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetVisualInfo.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMClientMachine.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMColormapWindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMHints.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMIconName.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMName.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMNormalHints.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMProtocols.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWMSizeHints.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWindowAttributes.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetWindowProperty.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetXCBConnection.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabButton.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabKey.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabKeyboard.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabPointer.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabServer.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGraphicsExposeEvent.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGravityEvent.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XHostAddress.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIMOfIC.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIconSize.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIconifyWindow.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIfEvent.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInitImage.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInitThreads.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInsertModifiermapEntry.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInstallColormap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternAtom.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternAtoms.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XInternalConnectionNumbers.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIntersectRegion.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeyEvent.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeyboardControl.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeycodeToKeysym.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeymapEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeysymToKeycode.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKeysymToString.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XKillClient.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListDepths.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListExtensions.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListFonts.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListFontsWithInfo.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListHosts.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListInstalledColormaps.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListPixmapFormats.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListProperties.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLoadFont.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLoadQueryFont.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfFontSet.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfIM.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLocaleOfOM.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLockDisplay.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupColor.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupKeysym.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLookupString.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XLowerWindow.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapEvent.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapRaised.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapRequestEvent.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapSubwindows.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMapWindow.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMappingEvent.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMaskEvent.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMatchVisualInfo.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMaxRequestSize.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XModifierKeymap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMotionEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMoveResizeWindow.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XMoveWindow.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNewModifiermap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNextEvent.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNoExposeEvent.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XNoOp.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOMOfOC.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOffsetRegion.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenDisplay.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenIM.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenOM.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XParseColor.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XParseGeometry.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPeekEvent.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPeekIfEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPending.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPixmapFormatValues.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPoint.3.gz                libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPointInRegion.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPolygonRegion.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XProcessInternalConnection.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPropertyEvent.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutBackEvent.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutImage.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XPutPixel.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestCursor.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestSize.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestStipple.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryBestTile.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryColor.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryColors.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryExtension.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryFont.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryKeymap.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryPointer.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTextExtents.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTextExtents16.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryTree.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRaiseWindow.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReadBitmapFile.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReadBitmapFileData.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRebindKeysym.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRecolorCursor.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReconfigureWMWindow.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRectInRegion.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRectangle.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRefreshKeyboardMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRegisterIMInstantiateCallback.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveConnectionWatch.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveFromSaveSet.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveHost.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRemoveHosts.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReparentEvent.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XReparentWindow.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResetScreenSaver.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResizeRequestEvent.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResizeWindow.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XResourceManagerString.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRestackWindows.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRotateBuffers.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRotateWindowProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSaveContext.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenNumberOfScreen.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenResourceString.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSegment.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectInput.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionClearEvent.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionEvent.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectionRequestEvent.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSendEvent.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetAccessControl.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetAfterFunction.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetArcMode.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetBackground.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClassHint.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipMask.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipOrigin.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetClipRectangles.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetCloseDownMode.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetCommand.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDashes.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetErrorHandler.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetEventQueueOwner.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFillRule.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFillStyle.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFont.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFontPath.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetForeground.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetFunction.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetGraphicsExposure.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetICFocus.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetICValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIMValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIOErrorHandler.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIconName.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetIconSizes.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetInputFocus.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetLineAttributes.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetLocaleModifiers.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetModifierMapping.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetOCValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetOMValues.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetPlaneMask.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetPointerMapping.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetRGBColormaps.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetRegion.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetScreenSaver.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetSelectionOwner.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetState.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetStipple.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetSubwindowMode.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTSOrigin.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTextProperty.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTile.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetTransientForHint.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMClientMachine.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMColormapWindows.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMHints.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMIconName.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMName.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMNormalHints.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMProperties.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMProtocols.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWMSizeHints.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowAttributes.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBackground.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBackgroundPixmap.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorder.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorderPixmap.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowBorderWidth.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetWindowColormap.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShrinkRegion.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSizeHints.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStandardColormap.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreBuffer.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreBytes.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreColor.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreColors.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreName.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStoreNamedColor.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStringListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XStringToKeysym.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSubImage.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSubtractRegion.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSupportsLocale.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSync.3.gz                 libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSynchronize.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextExtents.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextExtents16.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextItem.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextItem16.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextProperty.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextPropertyToStringList.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextWidth.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTextWidth16.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTimeCoord.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTranslateCoordinates.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUndefineCursor.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabButton.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabKey.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabKeyboard.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabPointer.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabServer.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUninstallColormap.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnionRectWithRegion.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnionRegion.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUniqueContext.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnloadFont.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnlockDisplay.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapEvent.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapSubwindows.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnmapWindow.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnregisterIMInstantiateCallback.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUnsetICFocus.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVaCreateNestedList.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisibilityEvent.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisualIDFromVisual.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XVisualInfo.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWMGeometry.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWMHints.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWarpPointer.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowAttributes.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowChanges.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWindowEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWithdrawWindow.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XWriteBitmapFile.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XXorRegion.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsAllocColor.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsAllocNamedColor.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCCCOfColormap.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELab.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxC.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxL.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMaxLC.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELabQueryMinL.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuv.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxC.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxL.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMaxLC.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIELuvQueryMinL.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIEXYZ.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIEuvY.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCIExyY.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsColor.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsConvertColors.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsCreateCCC.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsDefaultCCC.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsFreeCCC.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsLookupColor.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsPad.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryBlack.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryBlue.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryColor.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryColors.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryGreen.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryRed.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsQueryWhite.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsRGB.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsRGBi.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetCCCOfColormap.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetWhiteAdjustProc.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsSetWhitePoint.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsStoreColor.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsStoreColors.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVC.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxC.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxV.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVC.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMaxVSamples.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcmsTekHVCQueryMinV.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbActionCtrls.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbActionSetCtrls.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddDeviceLedInfo.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomColor.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomDoodad.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomKey.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomKeyAlias.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOutline.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlay.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlayKey.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomOverlayRow.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomProperty.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomRow.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomSection.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddGeomShape.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAddSymInterpret.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocClientMap.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocCompatMap.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocControls.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocDeviceInfo.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomColors.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomDoodads.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomKeyAliases.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomKeys.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOutlines.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlayKeys.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlayRows.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomOverlays.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomPoints.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomProps.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomRows.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomSectionDoodads.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomSections.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeomShapes.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocGeometry.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocIndicatorMaps.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocKeyboard.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocNames.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbAllocServerMap.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbApplyCompatMapToKey.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbBell.3.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbBellEvent.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeControls.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeDeviceInfo.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeEnabledControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeMap.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeNames.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbChangeTypesOfKey.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeRowBounds.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeSectionBounds.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeShapeBounds.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbComputeShapeTop.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbCopyKeyType.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbCopyKeyTypes.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbDeviceBell.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbDeviceBellEvent.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFindOverlayForKey.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbForceBell.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbForceDeviceBell.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeClientMap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeCompatMap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeComponentList.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeControls.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeDeviceInfo.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomColors.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomDoodads.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomKeyAliases.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomKeys.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOutlines.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlayKeys.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlayRows.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomOverlays.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomPoints.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomProperties.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomRows.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomSections.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeomShapes.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeGeometry.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeIndicatorMaps.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeKeyboard.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeNames.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbFreeServerMap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAutoRepeatRate.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetAutoResetControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetCompatMap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetControls.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetControlsChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDetectableAutoRepeat.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceButtonActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceInfo.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceInfoChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetDeviceLedInfo.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetGeometry.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorMap.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetIndicatorState.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyActions.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyBehaviors.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyExplicitComponents.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyModifierMap.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeySyms.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyTypes.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyVirtualModMap.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyboard.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetKeyboardByName.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetMap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedDeviceIndicator.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedGeometry.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNamedIndicator.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetNames.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetState.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetUpdatedMap.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetVirtualMods.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbGetXlibControls.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbIgnoreExtension.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbInitCanonicalKeyTypes.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyAction.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyActionEntry.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyActionsPtr.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupInfo.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupWidth.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyGroupsWidth.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyHasActions.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyKeyType.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyKeyTypeIndex.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumActions.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumGroups.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyNumSyms.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymEntry.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeySymsPtr.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeyTypesForCoreSymbols.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeycodeToKeysym.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbKeysymToModifiers.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLatchGroup.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLatchModifiers.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLibraryVersion.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbListComponents.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLockGroup.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLockModifiers.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLookupKeyBinding.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbLookupKeySym.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbModActionVMods.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteControlsChanges.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteDeviceChanges.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbNoteNameChanges.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOpenDisplay.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOutOfRangeGroupInfo.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbOutOfRangeGroupNumber.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbPtrActionX.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbPtrActionY.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbQueryExtension.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbRefreshKeyboardMapping.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeDeviceButtonActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeyActions.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeySyms.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbResizeKeyType.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAGroup.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAPtrDfltValue.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectSetVMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectSetVModsMask.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectVMods.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSARedirectVModsMask.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSAScreen.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetGroup.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetPtrDfltValue.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSASetScreen.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSelectEventDetails.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSelectEvents.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAutoRepeatRate.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetAutoResetControls.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetCompatMap.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetControls.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDebuggingFlags.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDetectableAutoRepeat.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDeviceButtonActions.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetDeviceInfo.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetIgnoreLockMods.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetIndicatorMap.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetMap.3.gz             libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetModActionVMods.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNamedDeviceIndicator.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNamedIndicator.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetNames.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetPtrActionX.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetPtrActionY.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetServerInternalMods.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbSetXlibControls.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbTranslateKeyCode.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbTranslateKeySym.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbUpdateMapFromCore.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XkbVirtualModsToReal.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawImageString.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawString.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbDrawText.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbLookupString.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbResetIC.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbSetWMProperties.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextEscapement.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextExtents.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextPerCharExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbTextPropertyToTextList.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmCombineDatabase.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmCombineFileDatabase.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmDestroyDatabase.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmEnumerateDatabase.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetDatabase.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetFileDatabase.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetResource.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmGetStringDatabase.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmInitialize.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmLocaleOfDatabase.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmMergeDatabases.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmOptionDescRec.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmOptionKind.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmParseCommand.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPermStringToQuark.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutFileDatabase.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutLineResource.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutResource.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmPutStringResource.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetResource.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetSearchList.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQGetSearchResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQPutResource.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQPutStringResource.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmQuarkToString.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmSetDatabase.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToBindingQuarkList.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToQuark.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmStringToQuarkList.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmUniqueQuark.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XrmValue.3.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawImageString.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawString.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8DrawText.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8LookupString.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8ResetIC.3.gz          libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8SetWMProperties.3.gz  libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextEscapement.3.gz   libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextExtents.3.gz      libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextPerCharExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xutf8TextPropertyToTextList.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawImageString.3.gz    libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawString.3.gz         libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcDrawText.3.gz           libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcFreeStringList.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcLookupString.3.gz       libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcResetIC.3.gz            libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextEscapement.3.gz     libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextExtents.3.gz        libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextListToTextProperty.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextPerCharExtents.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XwcTextPropertyToTextList.3.gz libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/Compose.5.gz               libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/XCompose.5.gz              libx11
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xauth.h                       libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXau.la                             libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXau.so                             libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xau.pc                      libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxau/copyright                libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xau.3.gz                   libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauDisposeAuth.3.gz        libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauFileName.3.gz           libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauGetAuthByAddr.3.gz      libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauGetBestAuthByAddr.3.gz  libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauLockAuth.3.gz           libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauReadAuth.3.gz           libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauUnlockAuth.3.gz         libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XauWriteAuth.3.gz          libxau
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.a                    libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.la                   libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.a                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.la                      libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dbe.a                          libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dbe.la                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.a                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.la                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.a                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.la                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.a                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.la                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.a                          libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.la                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.a                      libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.la                     libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.a                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.la                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.a                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.la                      libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.a                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.la                      libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.a                          libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.la                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.a                  libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.la                 libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.a                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.la                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.a                          libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.la                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.a                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.la                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.a                      libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.la                     libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.a                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.la                      libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.a                     libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.la                    libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.a                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.la                      libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.a                          libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.la                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.a                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.la                       libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.a                           libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.la                          libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.a                         libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.la                        libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb.a                              libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb.la                             libxcb-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/bigreq.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/composite.h                   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/damage.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/dbe.h                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/dpms.h                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/dri2.h                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/dri3.h                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/ge.h                          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/glx.h                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/present.h                     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/randr.h                       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/record.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/render.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/res.h                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/screensaver.h                 libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/shape.h                       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/shm.h                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/sync.h                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xc_misc.h                     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xcb.h                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xcbext.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xevie.h                       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xf86dri.h                     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xfixes.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xinerama.h                    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xinput.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xkb.h                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xprint.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xproto.h                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xselinux.h                    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xtest.h                       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xv.h                          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/xcb/xvmc.h                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-composite.so                   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-damage.so                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dbe.so                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dpms.so                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri2.so                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-dri3.so                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-glx.so                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-present.so                     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-randr.so                       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-record.so                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-render.so                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-res.so                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-screensaver.so                 libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shape.so                       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-shm.so                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-sync.so                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xf86dri.so                     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xfixes.so                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinerama.so                    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xinput.so                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xkb.so                         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xtest.so                       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xv.so                          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb-xvmc.so                        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libxcb.so                             libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-composite.pc            libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-damage.pc               libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dbe.pc                  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dpms.pc                 libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dri2.pc                 libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-dri3.pc                 libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-glx.pc                  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-present.pc              libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-randr.pc                libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-record.pc               libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-render.pc               libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-res.pc                  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-screensaver.pc          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-shape.pc                libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-shm.pc                  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-sync.pc                 libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xf86dri.pc              libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xfixes.pc               libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xinerama.pc             libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xinput.pc               libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xkb.pc                  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xtest.pc                libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xv.pc                   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb-xvmc.pc                 libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xcb.pc                      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/copyright                libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/tutorial/index.html      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxcb/tutorial/xcb.css         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb-examples.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb-requests.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_masks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_pixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_cells_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_pixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_planes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_color_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_alloc_named_color_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_allow_events.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_allow_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_bell.3.gz              libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_bell_checked.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_big_requests_enable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_active_pointer_grab.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_active_pointer_grab_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_gc.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_hosts.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_hosts_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_keyboard_mapping_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_pointer_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_pointer_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_property.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_save_set.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_save_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_window_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_change_window_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_window.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_circulate_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_clear_area.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_clear_area_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_client_message_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_close_font.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_close_font_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_colormap_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_create_region_from_border_clip.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_create_region_from_border_clip_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_get_overlay_window_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_name_window_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_name_window_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_redirect_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_release_overlay_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_release_overlay_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_composite_unredirect_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_window.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_configure_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_convert_selection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_convert_selection_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_area.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_area_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_colormap_and_free.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_colormap_and_free_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_gc.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_gc_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_plane.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_copy_plane_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_colormap.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_cursor.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_gc.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_glyph_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_glyph_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_pixmap.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_window.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_create_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_add.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_add_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_create.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_create_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_destroy.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_destroy_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_subtract.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_damage_subtract_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_allocate_back_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_allocate_back_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_begin_idiom.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_begin_idiom_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_deallocate_back_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_deallocate_back_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_end_idiom.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_end_idiom_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_back_buffer_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_visual_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_visual_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_visual_info_supported_visuals_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_visual_info_supported_visuals_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_get_visual_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_swap_buffers.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dbe_swap_buffers_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_delete_property.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_delete_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_subwindows.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_window.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_destroy_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_capable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_disable.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_disable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_enable.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_enable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_force_level.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_force_level_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_timeouts_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_set_timeouts.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dpms_set_timeouts_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_authenticate_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_buffer_swap_complete_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_alignment_pad_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_device_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_driver_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_connect_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_copy_region_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_create_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_create_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_destroy_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_destroy_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_buffers_with_format_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_msc_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_get_param_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_invalidate_buffers_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_buffers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_interval.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_swap_interval_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_msc_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri2_wait_sbc_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffer_from_pixmap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_buffers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_offsets_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_strides_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_buffers_from_pixmap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fd_from_fence_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fence_from_fd.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_fence_from_fd_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_free_syncobj.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_free_syncobj_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_screen_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_get_supported_modifiers_window_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_import_syncobj.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_import_syncobj_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_open_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_pixmap_from_buffers_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_set_drm_device_in_use.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_dri3_set_drm_device_in_use_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_enter_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_expose_event_t.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_fill_poly.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_fill_poly_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_focus_in_event_t.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_force_screen_saver.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_force_screen_saver_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colormap.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colors.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_colors_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_cursor.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_gc.3.gz           libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_gc_checked.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_pixmap.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_free_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ge_generic_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_genericevent_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_atom_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_path_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_path_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_font_path_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_geometry_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_input_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_keysyms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_keyboard_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_keycodes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_events_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_motion_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_map_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_pointer_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_property_value_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_screen_saver_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_selection_owner_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_get_window_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_are_textures_resident_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_buffer_swap_complete_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_change_drawable_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_change_drawable_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_client_info.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_client_info_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_copy_context.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_copy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_attribs_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_attribs_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_glx_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_glx_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_new_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_new_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pbuffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pbuffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_create_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_lists.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_lists_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_queries_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_queries_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_textures.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_textures_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_delete_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_glx_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_glx_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pbuffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pbuffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_destroy_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_end_list.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_end_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_feedback_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_feedback_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_finish_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_flush.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_flush_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_lists_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_queries_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_gen_textures_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_booleanv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_clip_plane_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_color_table_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_compressed_tex_image_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_filter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_convolution_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_doublev_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_attribs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_drawable_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_error_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_property_list_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_fb_configs_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_floatv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_histogram_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_integerv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_lightiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapdv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_mapiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_materialiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_minmax_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapuiv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_pixel_mapusv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_polygon_stipple_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_query_objectuiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_queryiv_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_rows_and_cols_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_separable_filter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_string_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_envfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_enviv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_gendv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_genfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_geniv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_level_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameterfv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_tex_parameteriv_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_property_list_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_get_visual_configs_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_direct_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_enabled_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_query_arb_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_is_texture_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_context_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_make_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_new_list.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_new_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pbuffer_clobber_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storef.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storef_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storei.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_pixel_storei_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_attribs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_extensions_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_string_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_server_string_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_read_pixels_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_large.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_large_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_render_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_select_buffer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_select_buffer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_2arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_2arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_arb.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_set_client_info_arb_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_swap_buffers.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_swap_buffers_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_use_x_font.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_use_x_font_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_data_2_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_vendor_private_with_reply_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_gl.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_gl_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_x.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_glx_wait_x_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_button.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_key.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_key_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_keyboard_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_server.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_grab_server_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_graphics_exposure_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_gravity_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_16.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_16_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_8.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_image_text_8_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_allow_device_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_allow_device_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_barrier_hit_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_dont_propagate_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_dont_propagate_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_key_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_key_mapping_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_device_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_feedback_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_feedback_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_keyboard_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_change_pointer_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_close_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_close_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_delete_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_delete_device_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_bell.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_bell_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_button_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_changed_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_focus_in_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_key_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_mapping_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_presence_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_property_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_device_valuator_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_enter_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_gesture_pinch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_gesture_swipe_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_map_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_button_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_dont_propagate_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_keysyms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_key_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_keymaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_events_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_events_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_motion_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_items.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_device_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_extension_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_feedbacks_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_feedbacks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_feedback_control_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_all_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_this_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_get_selected_extension_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_key.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_hierarchy_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_device_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_devices_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_list_input_devices_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_class_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_open_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_property_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_classes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_classes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_query_device_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_button_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_raw_touch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_select_extension_event.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_select_extension_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_send_extension_event.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_send_extension_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_button_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_set_device_valuators_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_touch_begin_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_touch_ownership_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_button.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_key.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_ungrab_device_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_allow_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_allow_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_barrier_release_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_barrier_release_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_hierarchy.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_hierarchy_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_change_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_delete_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_delete_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_client_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_focus_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_items.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_masks_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_masks_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_get_selected_events_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_modifiers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_grab_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_ungrab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_passive_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_device_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_buttons_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_select_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_select_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_client_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_client_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_focus.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_set_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_ungrab_device.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_ungrab_device_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_warp_pointer.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_input_xi_warp_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_install_colormap.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_install_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_intern_atom_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_key_press_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_keymap_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_kill_client.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_kill_client_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_extensions_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_names_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_fonts_with_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_hosts_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_hosts_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_hosts_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_cmaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_installed_colormaps_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_lookup_color_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_subwindows.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_window.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_map_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_mapping_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_motion_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_exposure_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_operation.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_no_operation_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_open_font.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_open_font_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_arc.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_arc_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_arc.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_arc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_rectangle.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_fill_rectangle_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_line.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_line_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_point.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_point_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_rectangle.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_rectangle_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_segment.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_segment_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_16.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_16_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_8.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_poly_text_8_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_complete_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_configure_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_generic_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_idle_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_notify_msc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_notify_msc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap_synced.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_pixmap_synced_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_capabilities_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_redirect_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_present_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_property_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_put_image.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_best_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_colors_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_colors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_char_infos_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_font_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_keymap_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_pointer_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_text_extents_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_children_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_query_tree_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_add_output_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_add_output_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_change_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_configure_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_lease_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_create_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_monitor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_monitor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_output_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_delete_provider_property_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_destroy_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_destroy_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_free_lease.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_free_lease_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_blue_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_green_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_red_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_gamma_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_possible_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_filter_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_current_params_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pad_3.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pad_4.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_filter_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_pending_params_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_crtc_transform_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_monitors_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_monitors_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_monitors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_clones_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_primary_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_output_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_panning_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_capability_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_associated_providers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_provider_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_providers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_providers_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_rates_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_rates_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_sizes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_crtcs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_current_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_modes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_names_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_outputs_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_resources_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_get_screen_size_range_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_output_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_atoms_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_list_provider_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_output_property_valid_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_provider_property_valid_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_screen_change_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_config_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_gamma.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_gamma_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_crtc_transform_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_monitor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_monitor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_output_primary.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_output_primary_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_panning_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_offload_sink.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_offload_sink_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_output_source.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_provider_output_source_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_config_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_randr_set_screen_size_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_recolor_cursor.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_recolor_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_disable_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_disable_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_enable_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_free_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_free_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_intercepted_clients_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_intercepted_clients_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_get_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_register_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_register_clients_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_unregister_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_record_unregister_clients_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_glyphs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_glyphs_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_traps.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_add_traps_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_change_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_change_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_16.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_16_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_32.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_32_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_8.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_composite_glyphs_8_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_anim_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_anim_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_conical_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_conical_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_glyph_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_linear_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_linear_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_radial_gradient.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_radial_gradient_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_solid_fill.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_create_solid_fill_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_fill_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_fill_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyph_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyphs.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_glyphs_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_free_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_aliases_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_filters_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_filters_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_filters_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_formats_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_screens_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_screens_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_subpixels_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_formats_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_pict_index_values_values_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_reference_glyph_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_reference_glyph_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_clip_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_clip_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_filter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_filter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_transform.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_set_picture_transform_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_trapezoids.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_trapezoids_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_fan.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_fan_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_strip.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_tri_strip_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_triangles.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_render_triangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_window.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_reparent_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_ids_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_ids_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_ids_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_pixmap_bytes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_client_resources_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_clients_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_clients_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_sizes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_sizes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_resource_bytes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_res_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_resize_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_rotate_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_rotate_properties_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_set_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_set_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_suspend.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_suspend_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_unset_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_screensaver_unset_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_clear_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selection_request_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_client_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_device_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_data_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_property_use_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_data_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_selection_use_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_context_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_get_window_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_properties_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_properties_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_properties_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_selections_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_selections_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_list_selections_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_device_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_property_use_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_use_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_selection_use_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_window_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_selinux_set_window_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_send_event.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_send_event_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_access_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_access_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_clip_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_clip_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_close_down_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_close_down_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_dashes.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_dashes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_font_path.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_font_path_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_input_focus.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_input_focus_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_modifier_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_pointer_mapping_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_screen_saver.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_screen_saver_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_selection_owner.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_set_selection_owner_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_combine.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_combine_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_rectangles_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_get_rectangles_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_input_selected_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_mask.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_mask_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_offset.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_offset_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_extents_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_rectangles.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_rectangles_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shape_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_fd.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_attach_fd_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_completion_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_pixmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_pixmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_create_segment_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_detach.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_detach_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_get_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_put_image.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_shm_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_colors.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_colors_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_named_color.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_store_named_color_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_alarm_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_fence.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_await_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_alarm.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_change_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_counter_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_alarm.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_create_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_alarm.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_alarm_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_destroy_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_get_priority_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_initialize_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_counters_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_counters_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_list_system_counters_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_alarm_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_counter_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_query_fence_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_reset_fence.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_reset_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_counter.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_counter_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_priority.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_set_priority_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_trigger_fence.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_sync_trigger_fence_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_compare_cursor_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_fake_input.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_fake_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_grab_control.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_test_grab_control_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_translate_coordinates_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_button.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_button_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_key.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_key_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_keyboard.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_keyboard_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_pointer.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_server.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_ungrab_server_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_uninstall_colormap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_uninstall_colormap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_subwindows.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_subwindows_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_window.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_unmap_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_visibility_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_warp_pointer.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_warp_pointer_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_attribut_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_create_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_doc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_doc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_job.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_job_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_page.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_end_page_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_attributes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_document_data_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_image_resolution_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_one_attributes_value_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_page_dimensions_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_printers_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_printers_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_printer_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_get_screen_of_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_input_selected_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_put_document_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_put_document_data_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_roots_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_screens_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_rehash_printer_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_rehash_printer_list_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_select_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_attributes_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_set_image_resolution_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_doc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_doc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_job.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_job_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_page.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_x_print_print_start_page_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_ids_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_list_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xc_misc_get_xid_range_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end.3.gz         libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end_reply.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_end_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_select_input_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send.3.gz        libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send_reply.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_send_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xevie_start_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_auth_connection_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_close_connection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_close_connection_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_create_drawable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_drawable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_destroy_drawable_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_client_driver_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_client_driver_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_device_private_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_device_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_back_clip_rects_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_clip_rects_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_get_drawable_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_bus_id_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_open_connection_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_direct_rendering_capable_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xf86dri_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_by_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_by_name_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_save_set.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_change_save_set_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_copy_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_copy_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_pointer_barrier.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_pointer_barrier_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_bitmap.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_bitmap_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_gc.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_gc_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_picture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_picture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_window.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_create_region_from_window_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_cursor_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_delete_pointer_barrier.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_delete_pointer_barrier_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_destroy_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_destroy_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_expand_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_expand_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_rectangles_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_fetch_region_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_client_disconnect_mode_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_cursor_image_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_and_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_cursor_image_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_image_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_get_cursor_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_hide_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_hide_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_intersect_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_intersect_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_invert_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_invert_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_region_extents.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_region_extents_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_cursor_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_cursor_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_selection_input.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_select_selection_input_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_selection_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_client_disconnect_mode.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_client_disconnect_mode_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_cursor_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_cursor_name_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_gc_clip_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_gc_clip_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_picture_clip_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_picture_clip_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_window_shape_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_set_window_shape_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_show_cursor.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_show_cursor_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_subtract_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_subtract_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_translate_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_translate_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_union_region.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xfixes_union_region_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_count_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_screen_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_get_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_is_active_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_screen_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_screens_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xinerama_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_access_x_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_action_message_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell.3.gz          libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell_checked.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_bell_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_compat_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_controls_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_extension_device_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_group_rtrn_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_si_rtrn_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_compat_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_controls_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_btn_actions_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_leds_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_leds_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_name_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_pad_1.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_device_info_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_maps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_indicator_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_replies.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_kbd_by_name_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_map.3.gz   libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_map_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_named_indicator_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_names_value_list.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_get_state_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_indicator_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_indicator_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_latch_lock_state.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_latch_lock_state_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_compat_maps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_compat_maps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_geometries_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_geometries_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keycodes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keycodes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keymaps_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_keymaps_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_symbols_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_symbols_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_list_components_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_map_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_names_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_new_keyboard_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_per_client_flags_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_select_events.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_select_events_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_compat_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_compat_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_controls.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_controls_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_debugging_flags_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_device_info.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_device_info_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_indicator_map.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_indicator_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_map.3.gz       libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_map_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_named_indicator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_named_indicator_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_names.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_set_names_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_state_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xkb_use_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_port_attribute_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_still.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_still_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_video.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_get_video_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_grab_port_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_format_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_list_image_formats_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_port_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_image.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_still.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_still_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_video.3.gz      libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_put_video_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_adaptors_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_best_size_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_info_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_info_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_encodings_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_extension_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_offsets_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_pitches_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_image_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_attributes_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_attributes_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_query_port_attributes_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_port_notify.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_port_notify_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_video_notify.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_select_video_notify_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_set_port_attribute.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_set_port_attribute_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_shm_put_image.3.gz  libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_shm_put_image_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_stop_video.3.gz     libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_stop_video_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_ungrab_port.3.gz    libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_ungrab_port_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xv_video_notify_event_t.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_context_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_subpicture_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data_end.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_priv_data_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_create_surface_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_context.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_context_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_subpicture.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_subpicture_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_surface.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_destroy_surface_checked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_types_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_subpicture_types_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces_iterator.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_surfaces_length.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_list_surface_types_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version_reply.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/xcb_xvmc_query_version_unchecked.3.gz libxcb
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.a                            libxdmcp-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.la                           libxdmcp-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xdmcp.h                       libxdmcp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXdmcp.so                           libxdmcp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xdmcp.pc                    libxdmcp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXdmcp/xdmcp.xml              libxdmcp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxdmcp/copyright              libxdmcp
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXext.a                             libxext-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXext.la                            libxext-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/MITMisc.h          libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XEVI.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XLbx.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XShm.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xag.h              libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xcup.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xdbe.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xext.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xge.h              libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/dpms.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/extutil.h          libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/multibuf.h         libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/security.h         libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/shape.h            libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/sync.h             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/xtestext1.h        libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXext.so                            libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xext.pc                     libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/dbelib.xml              libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/dpmslib.xml             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/shapelib.xml            libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/synclib.xml             libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXext/xtest1.xml              libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxext/copyright               libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DBE.3.gz                   libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSCapable.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSDisable.3.gz           libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSEnable.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSForceLevel.3.gz        libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSGetTimeouts.3.gz       libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSGetVersion.3.gz        libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSInfo.3.gz              libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSQueryExtension.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DPMSSetTimeouts.3.gz       libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShape.3.gz                libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineMask.3.gz     libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineRectangles.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineRegion.3.gz   libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeCombineShape.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeGetRectangles.3.gz   libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeInputSelected.3.gz   libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeOffsetShape.3.gz     libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryExtension.3.gz  libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryExtents.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeQueryVersion.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShapeSelectInput.3.gz     libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShm.3.gz                  libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmAttach.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmCreateImage.3.gz       libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmCreatePixmap.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmDetach.3.gz            libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmGetEventBase.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmGetImage.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmPixmapFormat.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmPutImage.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmQueryExtension.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XShmQueryVersion.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupGetReservedColormapEntries.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupQueryVersion.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XcupStoreColors.3.gz       libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeAllocateBackBufferName.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeBeginIdiom.3.gz        libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeDeallocateBackBufferName.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeEndIdiom.3.gz          libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeFreeVisualInfo.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeGetBackBufferAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeGetVisualInfo.3.gz     libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeQueryExtension.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XdbeSwapBuffers.3.gz       libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xevi.3.gz                  libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviGetVisualInfo.3.gz     libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviQueryExtension.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XeviQueryVersion.3.gz      libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xmbuf.3.gz                 libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufChangeBufferAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufCreateBuffers.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufCreateStereoWindow.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufDestroyBuffers.3.gz   libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufDisplayBuffers.3.gz   libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetBufferAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetScreenInfo.3.gz    libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetVersion.3.gz       libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufGetWindowAttributes.3.gz libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XmbufQueryExtension.3.gz   libxext
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXfixes.a                           libxfixes-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXfixes.la                          libxfixes-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xfixes.h           libxfixes
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXfixes.so                          libxfixes
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xfixes.pc                   libxfixes
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxfixes/copyright             libxfixes
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xfixes.3.gz                libxfixes
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXft.a                              libxft-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXft.la                             libxft-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xft/Xft.h                     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xft/XftCompat.h               libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXft.so                             libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xft.pc                      libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxft/copyright                libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xft.3.gz                   libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharExists.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharFontSpecRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharIndex.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftCharSpecRender.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorAllocName.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorAllocValue.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftColorFree.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultHasRender.3.gz   libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultSet.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDefaultSubstitute.3.gz  libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawChange.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCharFontSpec.3.gz   libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCharSpec.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawColormap.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreate.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreateAlpha.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawCreateBitmap.3.gz   libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDestroy.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDisplay.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawDrawable.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphFontSpec.3.gz  libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphSpec.3.gz      libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawGlyphs.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawPicture.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawRect.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetClip.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetClipRectangles.3.gz libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSetSubwindowMode.3.gz libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawSrcPicture.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString16.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString32.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawString8.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawStringUtf16.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawStringUtf8.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftDrawVisual.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontCheckGlyph.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontClose.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontCopy.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoCreate.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoDestroy.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoEqual.3.gz      libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontInfoHash.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontLoadGlyphs.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontMatch.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpen.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenInfo.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenName.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenPattern.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontOpenXlfd.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftFontUnloadGlyphs.3.gz   libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGetVersion.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphExtents.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphFontSpecRender.3.gz libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphRender.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftGlyphSpecRender.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftInit.3.gz               libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftInitFtLibrary.3.gz      libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftListFonts.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftLockFace.3.gz           libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftNameParse.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftNameUnparse.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents16.3.gz      libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents32.3.gz      libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtents8.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtentsUtf16.3.gz   libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextExtentsUtf8.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16BE.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender16LE.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32.3.gz       libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32BE.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender32LE.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRender8.3.gz        libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRenderUtf16.3.gz    libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftTextRenderUtf8.3.gz     libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftUnlockFace.3.gz         libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XftXlfdParse.3.gz          libxft
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXi.a                               libxi-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXi.la                              libxi-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XInput.h           libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XInput2.h          libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXi.so                              libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xi.pc                       libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXi/encoding.xml              libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXi/inputlib.xml              libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXi/library.xml               libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxi/copyright                 libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XAllowDeviceEvents.3.gz    libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeDeviceControl.3.gz  libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeDeviceDontPropagateList.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeDeviceKeyMapping.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeDeviceProperty.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeFeedbackControl.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangeKeyboardDevice.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XChangePointerDevice.3.gz  libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XCloseDevice.3.gz          libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeleteDeviceProperty.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeviceBell.3.gz           libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XDeviceTimeCoord.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XFreeDeviceList.3.gz       libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceButtonMapping.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceControl.3.gz     libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceDontPropagateList.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceFocus.3.gz       libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceKeyMapping.3.gz  libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceModifierMapping.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceMotionEvents.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetDeviceProperty.3.gz    libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetExtensionVersion.3.gz  libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetFeedbackControl.3.gz   libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGetSelectedExtensionEvents.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabDevice.3.gz           libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabDeviceButton.3.gz     libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XGrabDeviceKey.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIAllowEvents.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIBarrierReleasePointer.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIBarrierReleasePointers.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIChangeHierarchy.3.gz     libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIChangeProperty.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIDefineCursor.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIDeleteProperty.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIFreeDeviceInfo.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGetClientPointer.3.gz    libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGetFocus.3.gz            libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGetProperty.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGetSelectedEvents.3.gz   libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGrabButton.3.gz          libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGrabDevice.3.gz          libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGrabEnter.3.gz           libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGrabFocusIn.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGrabKeycode.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIGrabTouchBegin.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIListProperties.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIQueryDevice.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIQueryPointer.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIQueryVersion.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XISelectEvents.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XISetClientPointer.3.gz    libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XISetFocus.3.gz            libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIUndefineCursor.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIUngrabButton.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIUngrabDevice.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIUngrabEnter.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIUngrabFocusIn.3.gz       libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIUngrabKeycode.3.gz       libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIUngrabTouchBegin.3.gz    libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XIWarpPointer.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListDeviceProperties.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XListInputDevices.3.gz     libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XOpenDevice.3.gz           libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XQueryDeviceState.3.gz     libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSelectExtensionEvent.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSendExtensionEvent.3.gz   libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDeviceButtonMapping.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDeviceFocus.3.gz       libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDeviceMode.3.gz        libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDeviceModifierMapping.3.gz libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XSetDeviceValuators.3.gz   libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabDevice.3.gz         libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabDeviceButton.3.gz   libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XUngrabDeviceKey.3.gz      libxi
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXrandr.a                           libxrandr-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXrandr.la                          libxrandr-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xrandr.h           libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXrandr.so                          libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xrandr.pc                   libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxrandr/copyright             libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRConfigCurrentConfiguration.3.gz libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRConfigCurrentRate.3.gz  libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRConfigRates.3.gz        libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRConfigRotations.3.gz    libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRConfigSizes.3.gz        libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRConfigTimes.3.gz        libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRFreeScreenConfigInfo.3.gz libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRGetScreenInfo.3.gz      libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRQueryExtension.3.gz     libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRQueryVersion.3.gz       libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRRootToScreen.3.gz       libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRSelectInput.3.gz        libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRSetScreenConfig.3.gz    libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XRRSetScreenConfigAndRate.3.gz libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xrandr.3.gz                libxrandr
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/Xrender.h          libxrender
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXrender.la                         libxrender
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXrender.so                         libxrender
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xrender.pc                  libxrender
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXrender/libXrender.txt       libxrender
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxrender/copyright            libxrender
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXss.a                              libxss-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXss.la                             libxss-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/scrnsaver.h        libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXss.so                             libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xscrnsaver.pc               libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxss/copyright                libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverAllocInfo.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverGetRegistered.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryExtension.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryInfo.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverQueryVersion.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverRegister.3.gz  libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSelectInput.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSetAttributes.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverSuspend.3.gz   libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverUnregister.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XScreenSaverUnsetAttributes.3.gz libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Xss.3.gz                   libxss
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXt.a                               libxt-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXt.la                              libxt-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/CallbackI.h                   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Composite.h                   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/CompositeP.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ConstrainP.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Constraint.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ConvertI.h                    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Core.h                        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/CoreP.h                       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/CreateI.h                     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/EventI.h                      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/HookObjI.h                    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/InitialI.h                    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Intrinsic.h                   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/IntrinsicI.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/IntrinsicP.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Object.h                      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ObjectP.h                     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/PassivGraI.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/RectObj.h                     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/RectObjP.h                    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ResConfigP.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ResourceI.h                   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/SelectionI.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Shell.h                       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ShellI.h                      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ShellP.h                      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/StringDefs.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/ThreadsI.h                    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/TranslateI.h                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/VarargsI.h                    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Vendor.h                      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/VendorP.h                     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/Xtos.h                        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXt.so                              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xt.pc                       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH01.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH02.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH03.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH04.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH05.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH06.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH07.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH08.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH09.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH10.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH11.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH12.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/CH13.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/acknowledgement.xml       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/appA.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/appB.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/appC.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/appD.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/appE.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/appF.xml                  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/intrinsics.xml            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXt/preface.xml               libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxt/copyright                 libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/MenuPopdown.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/MenuPopup.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddActions.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddCallback.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddCallbacks.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddConverter.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddEventHandler.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddExposureToRegion.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddGrab.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddInput.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddRawEventHandler.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddTimeOut.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAddWorkProc.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAllocateGC.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddActionHook.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddActions.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddBlockHook.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddConverter.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddInput.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddSignal.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddTimeOut.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppAddWorkProc.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppCreateShell.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppError.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppErrorMsg.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppGetErrorDatabase.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppGetErrorDatabaseText.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppGetExitFlag.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppGetSelectionTimeout.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppInitialize.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppLock.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppMainLoop.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppNextEvent.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppPeekEvent.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppPending.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppProcessEvent.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppReleaseCacheRefs.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetErrorHandler.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetErrorMsgHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetExitFlag.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetFallbackResources.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetSelectionTimeout.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetTypeConverter.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetWarningHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppSetWarningMsgHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppUnlock.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppWarning.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAppWarningMsg.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAsprintf.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtAugmentTranslations.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtBuildEventMask.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallAcceptFocus.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallActionProc.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallCallbackList.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallCallbacks.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallConverter.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallbackExclusive.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallbackNone.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallbackNonexclusive.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCallbackPopdown.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCalloc.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCancelSelectionRequest.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtChangeManagedSet.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCheckSubclass.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtClass.3.gz               libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCloseDisplay.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtConfigureWidget.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtConvert.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtConvertAndStore.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtConvertCase.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCreateApplicationContext.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCreateApplicationShell.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCreateManagedWidget.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCreatePopupShell.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCreateSelectionRequest.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCreateWidget.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtCreateWindow.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDatabase.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDestroyApplicationContext.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDestroyWidget.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDirectConvert.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDisownSelection.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDispatchEvent.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDispatchEventToWidget.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDisplay.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDisplayInitialize.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDisplayOfObject.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDisplayStringConversionWarning.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtDisplayToApplicationContext.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtError.3.gz               libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtErrorMsg.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtFindFile.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtFree.3.gz                libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetActionKeysym.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetActionList.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetApplicationNameAndClass.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetApplicationResources.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetClassExtension.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetConstraintResourceList.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetDisplays.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetErrorDatabase.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetErrorDatabaseText.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetGC.3.gz               libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetKeyboardFocusWidget.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetKeysymTable.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetMultiClickTime.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetResourceList.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSelectionParameters.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSelectionRequest.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSelectionTimeout.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSelectionValue.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSelectionValueIncremental.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSelectionValues.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSelectionValuesIncremental.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSubresources.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetSubvalues.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGetValues.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGrabButton.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGrabKey.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGrabKeyboard.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtGrabPointer.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtHasCallbacks.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtHooksOfDisplay.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtInitialize.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtInitializeWidgetClass.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtInsertEventHandler.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtInsertEventTypeHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtInsertRawEventHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtInstallAccelerators.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtInstallAllAccelerators.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsApplicationShell.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsComposite.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsConstraint.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsManaged.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsObject.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsOverrideShell.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsRealized.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsRectObj.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsSensitive.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsSessionShell.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsShell.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsSubclass.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsTopLevelShell.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsTransientShell.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsVendorShell.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsWMShell.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtIsWidget.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtKeysymToKeycodeList.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtLastEventProcessed.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtLastTimestampProcessed.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtMainLoop.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtMakeGeometryRequest.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtMakeResizeRequest.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtMalloc.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtManageChild.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtManageChildren.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtMapWidget.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtMergeArgLists.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtMoveWidget.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtName.3.gz                libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtNameToWidget.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtNew.3.gz                 libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtNewString.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtNextEvent.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtNoticeSignal.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtNumber.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtOffset.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtOffsetOf.3.gz            libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtOpenApplication.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtOpenDisplay.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtOverrideTranslations.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtOwnSelection.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtOwnSelectionIncremental.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtParent.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtParseAcceleratorTable.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtParseTranslationTable.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtPeekEvent.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtPending.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtPopdown.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtPopup.3.gz               libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtPopupSpringLoaded.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtProcessEvent.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtProcessLock.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtProcessUnlock.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtQueryGeometry.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRealizeWidget.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRealloc.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRegisterCaseConverter.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRegisterDrawable.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRegisterExtensionSelector.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRegisterGrabAction.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtReleaseGC.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtReleasePropertyAtom.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveActionHook.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveAllCallbacks.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveBlockHook.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveCallback.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveCallbacks.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveEventHandler.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveEventTypeHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveGrab.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveInput.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveRawEventHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveSignal.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveTimeOut.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtRemoveWorkProc.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtReservePropertyAtom.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtResizeWidget.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtResolvePathname.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtScreen.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtScreenDatabase.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtScreenOfObject.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSendSelectionRequest.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSessionGetToken.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSessionReturnToken.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetArg.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetErrorHandler.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetErrorMsgHandler.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetEventDispatcher.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetKeyTranslator.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetKeyboardFocus.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetLanguageProc.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetMappedWhenManaged.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetMultiClickTime.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetSelectionParameters.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetSelectionTimeout.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetSensitive.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetSubvalues.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetTypeConverter.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetValues.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetWMColormapWindows.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetWarningHandler.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSetWarningMsgHandler.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtStringConversionWarning.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtSuperclass.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtToolkitInitialize.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtToolkitThreadInitialize.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtTranslateCoords.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtTranslateKeycode.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUngrabButton.3.gz        libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUngrabKey.3.gz           libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUngrabKeyboard.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUngrabPointer.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUninstallTranslations.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUnmanageChild.3.gz       libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUnmanageChildren.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUnmapWidget.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUnrealizeWidget.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtUnregisterDrawable.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaAppCreateShell.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaAppInitialize.3.gz     libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaCreateArgsList.3.gz    libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaCreateManagedWidget.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaCreatePopupShell.3.gz  libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaCreateWidget.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaGetApplicationResources.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaGetSubresources.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaGetSubvalues.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaGetValues.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaOpenApplication.3.gz   libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaSetSubvalues.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtVaSetValues.3.gz         libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtWarning.3.gz             libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtWarningMsg.3.gz          libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtWidgetToApplicationContext.3.gz libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtWindow.3.gz              libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtWindowOfObject.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XtWindowToWidget.3.gz      libxt
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXtst.a                             libxtst-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXtst.la                            libxtst-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/XTest.h            libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/X11/extensions/record.h           libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libXtst.so                            libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xtst.pc                     libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXtst/recordlib.xml           libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libXtst/xtestlib.xml            libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/libxtst/copyright               libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestCompareCurrentCursorWithWindow.3.gz libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestCompareCursorWithWindow.3.gz libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestDiscard.3.gz          libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestFakeButtonEvent.3.gz  libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestFakeKeyEvent.3.gz     libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestFakeMotionEvent.3.gz  libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestFakeRelativeMotionEvent.3.gz libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestGrabControl.3.gz      libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestQueryExtension.3.gz   libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestSetGContextOfGC.3.gz  libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/XTestSetVisualIDOfVisual.3.gz libxtst
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblcms2.a                            littlecms-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblcms2.la                           littlecms-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/jpgicc                                littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/linkicc                               littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/psicc                                 littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tificc                                littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/transicc                              littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/jpgicc.1.gz                littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/linkicc.1.gz               littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/psicc.1.gz                 littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tificc.1.gz                littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/transicc.1.gz              littlecms-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lcms2.h                           littlecms
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/lcms2_plugin.h                    littlecms
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/liblcms2.so                           littlecms
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/lcms2.pc                    littlecms
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/littlecms/copyright             littlecms
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/findmnt                               mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fstrim                                mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lslocks                               mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/mount                                 mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/swapoff                               mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/swapon                                mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/umount                                mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/findmnt mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fstrim  mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lslocks mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mount   mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swapoff mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/swapon  mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/umount  mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/findmnt.8.gz               mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/fstrim.8.gz                mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/lslocks.8.gz               mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/mount.8.gz                 mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/swapoff.8.gz               mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/swapon.8.gz                mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/umount.8.gz                mount-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcurses.a                           ncurses-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncurses.a                          ncurses-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.a                         ncurses-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.a                          ncurses-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtic.a                              ncurses-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.a                            ncurses-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libform.a                             ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libformw.a                            ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenu.a                             ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.a                            ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanel.a                            ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.a                           ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libform.so                            ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6                          ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6.5                        ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libformw.so                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6                         ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6.5                       ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so                            ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6                          ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6.5                        ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6                         ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6.5                       ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6                         ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6.5                       ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so                          ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6                        ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6.5                      ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/form.pc                     ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/formw.pc                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menu.pc                     ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menuw.pc                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panel.pc                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panelw.pc                   ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/captoinfo                             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/infocmp                               ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/infotocap                             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tabs                                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tic                                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/toe                                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tput                                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/captoinfo.1.gz             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/infocmp.1.gz               ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/infotocap.1.gz             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tabs.1.gz                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tic.1.gz                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/toe.1.gz                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tput.1.gz                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/clear                                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ncursesw6-config                      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/reset                                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tset                                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/curses.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/eti.h                             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/form.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/menu.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/curses.h                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/eti.h                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/form.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/menu.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses_dll.h             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/panel.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/term.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/term_entry.h              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/termcap.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses/unctrl.h                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses.h                         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncurses_dll.h                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/curses.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/eti.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/form.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/menu.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses.h                ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses_dll.h            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/panel.h                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term_entry.h             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/termcap.h                ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ncursesw/unctrl.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/panel.h                           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/term.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/term_entry.h                      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/termcap.h                         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/unctrl.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so                          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6                        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6.5                      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so                         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6                       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6.5                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so                        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6                      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6.5                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so                         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6                       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6.5                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtic.so                             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6                           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6.5                         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so                           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6                         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6.5                       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/curses.pc                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncurses.pc                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncursesw.pc                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/termcap.pc                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tic.pc                      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tinfo.pc                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/terminfo                              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/ncurses/copyright               ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/clear.1.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncursesw6-config.1.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/reset.1.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tset.1.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/BC.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLORS.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_BLACK.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_BLUE.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_CYAN.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_GREEN.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_MAGENTA.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_PAIR.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_PAIRS.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_RED.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_WHITE.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_YELLOW.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLS.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ERR.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ESCDELAY.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/FALSE.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/LINES.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/NCURSES_SCREEN_CB.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/NCURSES_WINDOW_CB.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/OK.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/PAIR_NUMBER.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/PC.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/SCREEN.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/SP.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TABSIZE.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TRUE.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ALNUM.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ALPHA.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ENUM.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_INTEGER.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_IPV4.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_NUMERIC.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_REGEXP.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/UP.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/WINDOW.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_free_and_exit.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_free_tinfo.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_freeall.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_tracebits.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_traceattr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_traceattr2.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracecchar_t.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracecchar_t2.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechar.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechtype.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechtype2.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracedump.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracef.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracemouse.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/acs_map.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/addch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/addchnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/addchstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/addnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/addnwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/addstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/addwstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/alloc_pair.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/alloc_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/assume_default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/assume_default_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_get.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_off.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_on.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_set.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_t.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attributes.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attroff.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attron.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attrset.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/baudrate.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/baudrate_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/beep.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/beep_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgd.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgdset.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgrnd.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgrndset.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/bool.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolcodes.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolfnames.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolnames.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/border.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/border_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/bottom_panel.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/box.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/box_set.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/can_change_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/can_change_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/cbreak.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/cbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/cchar_t.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ceiling_panel.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/chgat.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/chtype.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/clear.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/clearok.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/clrtobot.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/clrtoeol.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/color.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_content.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/copywin.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/cur_term.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/current_field.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/current_item.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_set.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_set_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_sp_funcs.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curscr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_trace.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_variables.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_version.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3form.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3menu.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/data.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/data_ahead.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/data_behind.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_prog_mode.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_prog_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_shell_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_shell_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/define_key.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/define_key_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_curterm.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_curterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_panel.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/delay_output.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/delay_output_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/delch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/deleteln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/delscreen.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/delwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/derwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/doupdate.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/doupdate_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3form.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3menu.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/dup_field.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/dupwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/dynamic_field_info.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo_wchar.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/echochar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/endwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/endwin_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/erase.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasechar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasechar_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasewchar.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasewchar_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/exit_curses.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/exit_terminfo.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_color_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_color_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_pair_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_pair_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_slk_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_slk_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/extensions.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field.3form.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_arg.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_attributes.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_back.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_buffer.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_count.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_fore.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_index.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_info.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_init.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_just.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_new.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts_off.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts_on.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_pad.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_status.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_term.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_type.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_userptr.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_validation.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/fieldtype.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/filter.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/filter_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/find_pair.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/find_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/flash.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/flash_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/flushinp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/flushinp_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_driver.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_driver_w.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_attributes.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_buffer.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_validation.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_fields.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_fieldtype.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_hook.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_init.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts_off.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts_on.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_page.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_request_by_name.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_request_name.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_sub.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_term.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_userptr.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_variables.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_win.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/format.3menu.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_fieldtype.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_form.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_item.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_menu.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_pair.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_escdelay.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_escdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getattrs.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegy.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegyx.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbkgd.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcchar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcurx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcury.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxy.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxyx.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmouse.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmouse_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getn_wstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getparx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getpary.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getparyx.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getsyx.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getwin_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/getyx.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ground_panel.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/halfdelay.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/halfdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_colors.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_ic.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_ic_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_il.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_il_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_key.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_key_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_mouse.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_mouse_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/hide_panel.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/hline.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/hline_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idcok.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/idlok.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/immedok.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wchstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/inch.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/inchnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/inchstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_color.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_color_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_pair.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/initscr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/innstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/innwstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/inopts.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/insch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/insdelln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/insertln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/insnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/insstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/instr.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/intrflush.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/intrflush_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/inwstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_cbreak.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_cbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_cleared.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_echo.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_echo_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_idcok.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_idlok.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_immedok.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_keypad.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_leaveok.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_linetouched.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_nl.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_nl_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_nodelay.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_notimeout.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_pad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_raw.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_raw_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_scrollok.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_subwin.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_syncok.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_term_resized.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_term_resized_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_wintouched.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/isendwin.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/isendwin_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_count.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_description.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_index.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_init.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_name.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts_off.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts_on.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_term.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_userptr.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_value.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_visible.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/items.3menu.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/kernel.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_defined.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_defined_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_name.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/keybound.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/keybound_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyname.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyname_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyok.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyok_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/keypad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/killchar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/killchar_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/killwchar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/killwchar_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/leaveok.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy_coding.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/link_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/link_fieldtype.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/longname.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/longname_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mark.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mcprint.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mcprint_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/memleaks.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_back.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_current.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_driver.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_fore.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_format.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_grey.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_hook.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_init.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_items.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_mark.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_name.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_new.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts_off.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts_on.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_pad.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_pattern.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_request_by_name.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_request_name.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_spacing.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_sub.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_term.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_userptr.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_value.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_visible.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_win.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/meta.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mitem_current.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouse.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouse_trafo.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouseinterval.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouseinterval_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mousemask.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mousemask_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/move.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/move_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/move_panel.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddnwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvchgat.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvcur.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvcur_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvdelch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvderwin.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvget_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvget_wstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvhline.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvhline_set.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wchstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinchnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinchstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinnwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_wstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvprintw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvscanw.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvvline.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvvline_set.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wch.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddchnstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddchstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddnwstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwchgat.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwdelch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwget_wch.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwget_wstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwhline.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwhline_set.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wchstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinnwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_wch.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_wstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwprintw.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwscanw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwvline.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwvline_set.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/napms.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/napms_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ncurses.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3form.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3menu.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_field.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_fieldtype.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_form.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_form_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_item.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_menu.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_menu_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_page.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_pair.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_panel.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_prescr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/newpad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/newpad_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/newscr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/newterm.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/newterm_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/newwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/newwin_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nl.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nl_sp.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nocbreak.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nocbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nodelay.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/noecho.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/noecho_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nofilter.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nofilter_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nonl.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/nonl_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/noqiflush.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/noqiflush_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/noraw.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/noraw_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/notimeout.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/numcodes.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/numfnames.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/numnames.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/opaque.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ospeed.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/outopts.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/overlay.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/overwrite.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pad.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/page.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pair_content.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pair_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_above.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_below.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_hidden.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_userptr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_window.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pattern.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pecho_wchar.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pechochar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pnoutrefresh.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pos_form_cursor.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pos_menu_cursor.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/post_form.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/post_menu.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/prefresh.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/print.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/printw.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/putp.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/putp_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/putwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/qiflush.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/qiflush_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/raw.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/raw_sp.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/redrawwin.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/refresh.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/replace_panel.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_color_pairs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_color_pairs_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_prog_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_prog_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_shell_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_shell_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/resetty.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/resetty_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/resize_term.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/resize_term_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/resizeterm.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/resizeterm_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/restartterm.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/restartterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ripoffline.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ripoffline_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/savetty.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/savetty_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scale_form.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scale_menu.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scanw.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_dump.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_init.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_init_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_restore.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_restore_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_set.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_set_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scrl.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scroll.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/scrollok.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_current_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_current_item.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_curterm.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_curterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_escdelay.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_escdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_back.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_buffer.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_fore.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_init.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_just.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_opts.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_pad.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_status.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_term.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_type.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_userptr.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_fieldtype_arg.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_fieldtype_choice.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_fields.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_init.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_opts.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_page.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_sub.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_term.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_userptr.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_win.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_init.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_opts.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_term.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_userptr.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_value.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_max_field.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_back.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_fore.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_format.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_grey.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_init.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_items.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_mark.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_opts.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_pad.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_pattern.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_spacing.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_sub.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_term.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_userptr.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_win.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_new_page.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_panel_userptr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_tabsize.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_tabsize_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_term.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_top_row.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/setcchar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/setscrreg.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/setsyx.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/setterm.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/setupterm.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/show_panel.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_off.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_on.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_set.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_set_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attroff.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attroff_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attron.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attron_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attrset.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attrset_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_clear.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_clear_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_color.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_color_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_init.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_init_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_label.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_label_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_noutrefresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_noutrefresh_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_refresh.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_refresh_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_restore.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_restore_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_set.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_set_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_touch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_touch_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_wset.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/sp_funcs.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/spacing.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/standend.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/standout.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/start_color.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/start_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/stdscr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/strcodes.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/strfnames.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/strnames.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/subpad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/subwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/syncok.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/term_attrs.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/term_attrs_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/termattrs.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/termattrs_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/termcap.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo_variables.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/termname.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/termname_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetent.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetent_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetflag.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetflag_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetnum.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetnum_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetstr_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgoto.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgoto_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetflag.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetflag_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetnum.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetnum_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetstr_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/timeout.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tiparm.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tiparm_s.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tiscan_s.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/top_panel.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/top_row.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/touch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/touchline.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/touchwin.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tparm.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tparm_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tputs.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/tputs_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/trace.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ttytype.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/typeahead.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/typeahead_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/unctrl.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/unctrl_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/unfocus_current_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/unget_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/unget_wch_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetch_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetmouse.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetmouse_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/unpost_form.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/unpost_menu.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/untouchwin.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/update_panels.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/update_panels_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_default_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_env.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_env_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_extended_names.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_legacy_coding.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_legacy_coding_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_screen.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_tioctl.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_tioctl_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_window.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3form.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/util.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_attr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_attr_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_puts.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_puts_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidattr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidattr_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidputs.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidputs_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vline.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vline_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vw_printw.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vw_scanw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vwprintw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/vwscanw.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddchnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddchstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddnwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_get.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_off.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_on.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattroff.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattron.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattrset.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgd.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgdset.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgrndset.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wborder.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wborder_set.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wchgat.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclear.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclrtobot.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclrtoeol.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wcolor_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wcursyncup.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wdelch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wdeleteln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wecho_wchar.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wechochar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wenclose.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/werase.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wget_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wget_wstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetdelay.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetparent.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetscrreg.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/whline.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/whline_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3form.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3menu.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winchnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winchstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/window.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winnwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_wstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsdelln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsertln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/winwstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wmouse_trafo.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wmove.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wnoutrefresh.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wprintw.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wredrawln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wrefresh.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wresize.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wscanw.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wscrl.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsetscrreg.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wstandend.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wstandout.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsyncdown.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsyncup.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wtimeout.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wtouchln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wunctrl.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wunctrl_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wvline.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/wvline_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/tabset/std                          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/tabset/stdcrt                       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/tabset/vt100                        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/tabset/vt300                        ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty                ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty+common         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty-direct         ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/ansi                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dtterm                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dumb                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/e/eterm-color              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/f/foot                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/f/foot+base                ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/f/foot-direct              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome-256color           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty+common             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty-direct             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/l/linux                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/n/nsterm                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty-256color           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-256color            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode             ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode-256color    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen                   ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen-256color          ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen2                  ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st                       ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st-256color              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux-256color            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt100                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt102                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt52                     ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm                    ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm+256color           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-16color            ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-256color           ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-color              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-kitty              ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-new                ncurses
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/nettle-hash                           nettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/nettle-lfib-stream                    nettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/nettle-pbkdf2                         nettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pkcs1-conv                            nettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/sexp-conv                             nettle
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/jawt.h    openjdk-17-x
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/linux/jawt_md.h openjdk-17-x
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.desktop.jmod openjdk-17-x
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libawt_xawt.so openjdk-17-x
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libfontmanager.so openjdk-17-x
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjawt.so    openjdk-17-x
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libsplashscreen.so openjdk-17-x
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jar           openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jarsigner     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/java          openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/javac         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/javadoc       openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/javap         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jcmd          openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jconsole      openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jdb           openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jdeprscan     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jdeps         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jfr           openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jhsdb         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jimage        openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jinfo         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jlink         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jmap          openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jmod          openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jpackage      openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jps           openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jrunscript    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jshell        openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jstack        openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jstat         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/jstatd        openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/keytool       openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/rmiregistry   openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/bin/serialver     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/logging.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/management/jmxremote.access openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/management/jmxremote.password.template openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/management/management.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/net.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/sdp/sdp.conf.template openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/java.policy openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/java.security openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/policy/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/policy/limited/default_US_export.policy openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/policy/limited/default_local.policy openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/policy/limited/exempt_local.policy openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/policy/unlimited/default_US_export.policy openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/security/policy/unlimited/default_local.policy openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/conf/sound.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/README       openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/CodePointIM/CodePointIM.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/CodePointIM/README.html openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/CodePointIM/README_ja.html openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/CodePointIM/README_zh_CN.html openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/CodePointIM/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/FileChooserDemo/FileChooserDemo.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/FileChooserDemo/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/FileChooserDemo/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Font2DTest/Font2DTest.html openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Font2DTest/Font2DTest.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Font2DTest/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Font2DTest/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/J2Ddemo/J2Ddemo.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/J2Ddemo/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/J2Ddemo/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Metalworks/Metalworks.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Metalworks/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Metalworks/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Notepad/Notepad.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Notepad/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Notepad/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/SampleTree/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/SampleTree/SampleTree.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/SampleTree/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Stylepad/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Stylepad/Stylepad.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/Stylepad/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/SwingSet2/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/SwingSet2/SwingSet2.html openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/SwingSet2/SwingSet2.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/SwingSet2/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/TableExample/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/TableExample/TableExample.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/TableExample/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/TransparentRuler/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/TransparentRuler/TransparentRuler.jar openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/jfc/TransparentRuler/src.zip openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/README.txt openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/FileChooserDemo/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/FileChooserDemo/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/FileChooserDemo/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/FileChooserDemo/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/FileChooserDemo/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/FileChooserDemo/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Font2DTest/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Font2DTest/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Font2DTest/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Font2DTest/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Font2DTest/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Font2DTest/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Metalworks/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Metalworks/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Metalworks/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Metalworks/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Metalworks/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Metalworks/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Notepad/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Notepad/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Notepad/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Notepad/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Notepad/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/Notepad/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SampleTree/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SampleTree/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SampleTree/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SampleTree/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SampleTree/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SampleTree/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SwingApplet/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SwingApplet/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SwingApplet/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SwingApplet/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SwingApplet/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/SwingApplet/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TableExample/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TableExample/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TableExample/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TableExample/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TableExample/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TableExample/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TransparentRuler/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TransparentRuler/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TransparentRuler/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TransparentRuler/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TransparentRuler/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/jfc/TransparentRuler/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/FullThreadDump/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/FullThreadDump/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/FullThreadDump/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/FullThreadDump/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/FullThreadDump/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/FullThreadDump/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/JTop/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/JTop/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/JTop/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/JTop/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/JTop/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/JTop/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/MemoryMonitor/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/MemoryMonitor/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/MemoryMonitor/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/MemoryMonitor/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/MemoryMonitor/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/MemoryMonitor/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/VerboseGC/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/VerboseGC/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/VerboseGC/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/VerboseGC/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/VerboseGC/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/management/VerboseGC/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/scripting/jconsole-plugin/build.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/scripting/jconsole-plugin/build.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/scripting/jconsole-plugin/nbproject/file-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/scripting/jconsole-plugin/nbproject/jdk.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/scripting/jconsole-plugin/nbproject/netbeans-targets.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/demo/nbproject/scripting/jconsole-plugin/nbproject/project.xml openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/etc/profile.d/java.sh openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/classfile_constants.h openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/jdwpTransport.h openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/jni.h     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/jvmti.h   openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/jvmticmlr.h openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/include/linux/jni_md.h openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.base.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.compiler.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.datatransfer.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.instrument.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.logging.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.management.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.management.rmi.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.naming.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.net.http.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.prefs.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.rmi.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.scripting.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.se.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.security.jgss.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.security.sasl.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.smartcardio.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.sql.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.sql.rowset.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.transaction.xa.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.xml.crypto.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/java.xml.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.accessibility.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.attach.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.charsets.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.compiler.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.crypto.cryptoki.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.crypto.ec.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.dynalink.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.editpad.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.hotspot.agent.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.httpserver.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.incubator.foreign.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.incubator.vector.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.internal.ed.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.internal.jvmstat.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.internal.le.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.internal.opt.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.internal.vm.ci.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.internal.vm.compiler.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.internal.vm.compiler.management.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jartool.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.javadoc.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jcmd.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jconsole.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jdeps.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jdi.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jdwp.agent.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jfr.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jlink.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jpackage.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jshell.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jsobject.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.jstatd.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.localedata.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.management.agent.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.management.jfr.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.management.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.naming.dns.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.naming.rmi.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.net.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.nio.mapmode.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.random.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.sctp.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.security.auth.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.security.jgss.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.unsupported.desktop.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.unsupported.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.xml.dom.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/jmods/jdk.zipfs.jmod openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/aes.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/asm.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/c-libutl.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/cldr.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/icu.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/public_suffix.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/siphash.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.base/unicode.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.compiler/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.compiler/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.compiler/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.datatransfer/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.datatransfer/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.datatransfer/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/colorimaging.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/harfbuzz.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/mesa3d.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/pipewire.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.desktop/xwd.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.instrument/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.instrument/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.instrument/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.logging/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.logging/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.logging/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.management/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.management/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.management/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.management.rmi/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.management.rmi/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.management.rmi/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.naming/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.naming/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.naming/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.net.http/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.net.http/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.net.http/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.prefs/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.prefs/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.prefs/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.rmi/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.rmi/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.rmi/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.scripting/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.scripting/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.scripting/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.se/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.se/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.se/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.security.jgss/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.security.jgss/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.security.jgss/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.security.sasl/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.security.sasl/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.security.sasl/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.smartcardio/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.smartcardio/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.smartcardio/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.smartcardio/pcsclite.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.sql/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.sql/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.sql/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.sql.rowset/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.sql.rowset/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.sql.rowset/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.transaction.xa/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.transaction.xa/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.transaction.xa/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/bcel.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/dom.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/jcup.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/xalan.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml/xerces.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml.crypto/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml.crypto/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml.crypto/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/java.xml.crypto/santuario.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.accessibility/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.accessibility/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.accessibility/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.attach/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.attach/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.attach/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.charsets/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.charsets/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.charsets/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.compiler/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.compiler/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.compiler/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.cryptoki/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.cryptoki/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.cryptoki/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.cryptoki/pkcs11cryptotoken.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.cryptoki/pkcs11wrapper.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.ec/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.ec/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.crypto.ec/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.dynalink/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.dynalink/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.dynalink/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.dynalink/dynalink.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.editpad/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.editpad/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.editpad/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.hotspot.agent/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.hotspot.agent/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.hotspot.agent/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.httpserver/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.httpserver/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.httpserver/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.incubator.foreign/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.incubator.foreign/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.incubator.foreign/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.incubator.vector/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.incubator.vector/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.incubator.vector/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.ed/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.ed/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.ed/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.jvmstat/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.jvmstat/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.jvmstat/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.le/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.le/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.le/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.le/jline.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.opt/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.opt/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.opt/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.opt/jopt-simple.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.ci/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.ci/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.ci/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.compiler/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.compiler/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.compiler/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.compiler.management/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.compiler.management/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.internal.vm.compiler.management/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jartool/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jartool/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jartool/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.javadoc/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.javadoc/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.javadoc/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.javadoc/jquery.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.javadoc/jqueryUI.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jcmd/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jcmd/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jcmd/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jconsole/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jconsole/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jconsole/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdeps/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdeps/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdeps/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdi/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdi/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdi/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdwp.agent/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdwp.agent/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jdwp.agent/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jfr/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jfr/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jfr/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jlink/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jlink/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jlink/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jpackage/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jpackage/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jpackage/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jshell/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jshell/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jshell/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jsobject/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jsobject/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jsobject/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jstatd/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jstatd/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.jstatd/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.localedata/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.localedata/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.localedata/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.localedata/cldr.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.localedata/thaidict.md openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management.agent/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management.agent/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management.agent/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management.jfr/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management.jfr/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.management.jfr/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.naming.dns/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.naming.dns/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.naming.dns/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.naming.rmi/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.naming.rmi/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.naming.rmi/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.net/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.net/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.net/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.nio.mapmode/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.nio.mapmode/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.nio.mapmode/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.random/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.random/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.random/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.sctp/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.sctp/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.sctp/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.security.auth/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.security.auth/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.security.auth/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.security.jgss/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.security.jgss/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.security.jgss/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.unsupported/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.unsupported/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.unsupported/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.unsupported.desktop/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.unsupported.desktop/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.unsupported.desktop/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.xml.dom/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.xml.dom/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.xml.dom/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.zipfs/ADDITIONAL_LICENSE_INFO openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.zipfs/ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/legal/jdk.zipfs/LICENSE openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/classlist     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/ct.sym        openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/jexec         openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/jfr/default.jfc openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/jfr/profile.jfc openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/jrt-fs.jar    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/jspawnhelper  openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/jvm.cfg       openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libattach.so  openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libawt.so     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libawt_headless.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libdt_socket.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libextnet.so  openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libinstrument.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libj2gss.so   openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libj2pcsc.so  openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libj2pkcs11.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjaas.so    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjava.so    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjavajpeg.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjdwp.so    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjimage.so  openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjli.so     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjsig.so    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libjsvml.so   openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/liblcms.so    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libmanagement.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libmanagement_agent.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libmanagement_ext.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libmlib_image.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libnet.so     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libnio.so     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libprefs.so   openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/librmi.so     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libsctp.so    openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libsyslookup.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libverify.so  openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/libzip.so     openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/modules       openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/psfont.properties.ja openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/psfontj2d.properties openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/security/blocked.certs openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/security/cacerts openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/security/default.policy openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/security/public_suffix_list.dat openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/server/libjsig.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/server/libjvm.so openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/lib/tzdb.dat      openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jar.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jarsigner.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/java.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/javac.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/javadoc.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/javap.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jcmd.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jconsole.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jdb.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jdeprscan.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jdeps.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jfr.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jhsdb.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jinfo.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jlink.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jmap.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jmod.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jpackage.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jps.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jrunscript.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jshell.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jstack.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jstat.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/jstatd.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/keytool.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/rmiregistry.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/man/man1/serialver.1.gz openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/jvm/java-17-openjdk/release           openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/openjdk-17/copyright            openjdk-17
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.a                           openssl-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libssl.a                              openssl-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/add-trusted-certificate               openssl-tool
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/openssl                               openssl-tool
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/tls/openssl.cnf                       openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/aes.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1_mac.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1err.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1t.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/async.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/asyncerr.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/bio.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/bioerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/blowfish.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/bn.h                      openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/bnerr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/buffer.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/buffererr.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/camellia.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cast.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cmac.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp_util.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cmperr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cms.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cmserr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/comp.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/comperr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/conf.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/conf_api.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/conferr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/configuration.h           openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/conftypes.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/core.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/core_dispatch.h           openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/core_names.h              openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/core_object.h             openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/crmf.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/crmferr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/crypto.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr_legacy.h        openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ct.h                      openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/cterr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/decoder.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/decodererr.h              openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/des.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/dh.h                      openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/dherr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/dsa.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/dsaerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/dtls1.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/e_os2.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/e_ostime.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ebcdic.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ec.h                      openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdh.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdsa.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ecerr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/encoder.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/encodererr.h              openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/engine.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/engineerr.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/err.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ess.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/esserr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/evp.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/evperr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/fips_names.h              openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/fipskey.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/hmac.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/hpke.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/http.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/httperr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/idea.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/indicator.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/kdf.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/kdferr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/lhash.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/macros.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/md2.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/md4.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/md5.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/mdc2.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/modes.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/obj_mac.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/objects.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/objectserr.h              openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsp.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsperr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslconf.h             openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslv.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ossl_typ.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/param_build.h             openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/params.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/pem.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/pem2.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/pemerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12err.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7err.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/prov_ssl.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/proverr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/provider.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/quic.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/rand.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/randerr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/rc2.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/rc4.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/rc5.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ripemd.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/rsa.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/rsaerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/safestack.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/seed.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/self_test.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/sha.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/srp.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/srtp.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl.h                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl2.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl3.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr_legacy.h           openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/stack.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/store.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/storeerr.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/symhacks.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/thread.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/tls1.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/trace.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ts.h                      openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/tserr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/txt_db.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/types.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/ui.h                      openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/uierr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/whrlpool.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/x509.h                    openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/x509_acert.h              openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/x509_vfy.h                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/x509err.h                 openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3.h                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3err.h               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/OpenSSL/OpenSSLConfig.cmake     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/OpenSSL/OpenSSLConfigVersion.cmake openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/engines-3/capi.so                     openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/engines-3/loader_attic.so             openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so                          openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so.3                        openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libssl.so                             openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libssl.so.3                           openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/ossl-modules/legacy.so                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcrypto.pc                openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libssl.pc                   openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/openssl.pc                  openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/openssl/copyright               openssl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.a                         pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.la                        pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.a                         pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.la                        pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.a                          pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.la                         pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.a                      pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.la                     pcre2-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pcre2-config                          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/pcre2.h                           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/pcre2posix.h                      pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.so                        pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.so                        pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.so                         pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.so                     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-16.pc              pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-32.pc              pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-8.pc               pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-posix.pc           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/AUTHORS.md                pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/COPYING                   pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/ChangeLog                 pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENCE.md                pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/NEWS                      pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/README                    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/SECURITY.md               pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/copyright                 pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/NON-AUTOTOOLS-BUILD.txt pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/README.txt           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/index.html           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2-config.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2.html           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_callout_enumerate.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile.html   pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_config.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_dfa_match.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_error_message.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_mark.html  pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_match_data_heapframes_size.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_match_data_size.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_count.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_startchar.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_compile.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_match.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match.html     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_convert.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_info.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_decode.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_encode.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_bsr.html   pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_callout.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_character_tables.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_depth_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_escape.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_separator.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_heap_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_match_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_pattern_compiled_length.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_varlookbehind.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_newline.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_offset_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_optimize.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_substitute_case_callout.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substitute.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_get.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.html pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2api.html        pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2build.html      pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2callout.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2compat.html     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2convert.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2demo.html       pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2grep.html       pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2jit.html        pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2limits.html     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2matching.html   pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2partial.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2pattern.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2perform.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2posix.html      pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2sample.html     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2serialize.html  pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2syntax.html     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2test.html       pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2unicode.html    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2-config.txt          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2.txt                 pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2grep.txt             pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2test.txt             pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2-config.1.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_callout_enumerate.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_free.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_config.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_dfa_match.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_error_message.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_mark.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_match_data_heapframes_size.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_match_data_size.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_count.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_startchar.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_compile.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_match.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_free.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_convert.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_info.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_decode.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_encode.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_free.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_bsr.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_callout.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_character_tables.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_depth_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_escape.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_separator.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_heap_limit.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_match_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_pattern_compiled_length.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_varlookbehind.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_newline.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_offset_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_optimize.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_substitute_case_callout.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substitute.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_free.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_get.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2api.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2build.3.gz            pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2callout.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2compat.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2convert.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2demo.3.gz             pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2jit.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2limits.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2matching.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2partial.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2pattern.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2perform.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2posix.3.gz            pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2sample.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2serialize.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2syntax.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2unicode.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pcre2grep                             pcre2grep
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2grep.1.gz             pcre2grep
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/libpython3.12.a python-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/idle                                  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/idle3                                 python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/idle3.12                              python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/turtle.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/CREDITS.txt        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/ChangeLog          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/HISTORY.txt        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/README.txt   python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/folder.gif   python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle.ico     python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle_16.gif  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle_16.png  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle_256.png python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle_32.gif  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle_32.png  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle_48.gif  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/idle_48.png  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/minusnode.gif python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/openfolder.gif python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/plusnode.gif python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/python.gif   python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/Icons/tk.gif       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/NEWS2x.txt         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/News3.txt          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/README.txt         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/TODO.txt           python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__init__.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__main__.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autocomplete_w.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/autoexpand.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/browser.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/calltip_w.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/codecontext.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/colorizer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/config.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/config_key.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/configdialog.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugger_r.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/debugobj_r.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/delegator.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/dynoption.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/editor.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/filelist.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/format.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/grep.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/help.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/help_about.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/history.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/hyperparser.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/idle.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/iomenu.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/macosx.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/mainmenu.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/multicall.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/outwin.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/parenmatch.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pathbrowser.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/percolator.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pyparse.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/pyshell.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/query.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/redirector.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/replace.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/rpc.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/run.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/runscript.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/scrolledlist.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/search.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/searchbase.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/searchengine.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/sidebar.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/squeezer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/stackviewer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/statusbar.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/textview.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/tooltip.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/tree.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/undo.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/window.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/zoomheight.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/__pycache__/zzdummy.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/autocomplete.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/autocomplete_w.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/autoexpand.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/browser.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/calltip.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/calltip_w.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/codecontext.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/colorizer.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/config-extensions.def python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/config-highlight.def python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/config-keys.def    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/config-main.def    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/config.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/config_key.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/configdialog.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/debugger.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/debugger_r.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/debugobj.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/debugobj_r.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/delegator.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/dynoption.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/editor.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/extend.txt         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/filelist.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/format.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/grep.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/help.html          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/help.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/help_about.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/history.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/hyperparser.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle.bat           python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle.pyw           python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/README.txt python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__init__.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/htest.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_idle.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/mock_tk.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/template.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autocomplete_w.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_autoexpand.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_browser.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_calltip_w.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_codecontext.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_colorizer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_config_key.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_configdialog.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugger_r.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_debugobj_r.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_delegator.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editmenu.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_editor.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_filelist.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_format.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_grep.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_help_about.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_history.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_hyperparser.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_iomenu.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_macosx.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_mainmenu.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_multicall.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_outwin.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_parenmatch.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pathbrowser.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_percolator.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyparse.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_pyshell.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_query.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_redirector.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_replace.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_rpc.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_run.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_runscript.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_scrolledlist.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_search.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchbase.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_searchengine.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_sidebar.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_squeezer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_stackviewer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_statusbar.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_text.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_textview.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tooltip.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_tree.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_undo.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_util.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_warning.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_window.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zoomheight.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/test_zzdummy.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/__pycache__/tkinter_testing_utils.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/example_noext python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/example_stub.pyi python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/htest.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/mock_idle.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/mock_tk.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/template.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_autocomplete.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_autocomplete_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_autoexpand.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_browser.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_calltip.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_calltip_w.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_codecontext.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_colorizer.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_config.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_config_key.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_configdialog.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugger.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugger_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugobj.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_debugobj_r.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_delegator.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_editmenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_editor.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_filelist.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_format.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_grep.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_help.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_help_about.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_history.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_hyperparser.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_iomenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_macosx.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_mainmenu.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_multicall.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_outwin.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_parenmatch.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_pathbrowser.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_percolator.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_pyparse.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_pyshell.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_query.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_redirector.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_replace.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_rpc.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_run.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_runscript.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_scrolledlist.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_search.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_searchbase.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_searchengine.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_sidebar.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_squeezer.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_stackviewer.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_statusbar.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_text.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_textview.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_tooltip.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_tree.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_undo.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_util.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_warning.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_window.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_zoomheight.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/test_zzdummy.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/idle_test/tkinter_testing_utils.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/iomenu.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/macosx.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/mainmenu.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/multicall.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/outwin.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/parenmatch.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/pathbrowser.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/percolator.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/pyparse.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/pyshell.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/query.py           python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/redirector.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/replace.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/rpc.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/run.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/runscript.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/scrolledlist.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/search.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/searchbase.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/searchengine.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/sidebar.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/squeezer.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/stackviewer.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/statusbar.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/textview.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/tooltip.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/tree.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/undo.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/util.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/window.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/zoomheight.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/idlelib/zzdummy.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_tkinter.cpython-312.so python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__init__.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__main__.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/colorchooser.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/commondialog.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/constants.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/dialog.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/dnd.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/filedialog.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/font.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/messagebox.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/scrolledtext.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/simpledialog.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/tix.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/__pycache__/ttk.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/colorchooser.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/commondialog.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/constants.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/dialog.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/dnd.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/filedialog.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/font.py            python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/messagebox.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/scrolledtext.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/simpledialog.py    python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/tix.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tkinter/ttk.py             python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtle.py                  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__init__.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__main__.py     python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/bytedesign.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/chaos.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/clock.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/colormixer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/forest.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/fractalcurves.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/lindenmayer.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/minimal_hanoi.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/nim.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/paint.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/peace.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/penrose.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/planet_and_moon.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/rosette.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/round_dance.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/sorting_animate.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/tree.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/two_canvases.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/__pycache__/yinyang.cpython-312.pyc python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/bytedesign.py   python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/chaos.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/clock.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/colormixer.py   python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/forest.py       python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/fractalcurves.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/lindenmayer.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/minimal_hanoi.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/nim.py          python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/paint.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/peace.py        python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/penrose.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/planet_and_moon.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/rosette.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/round_dance.py  python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/sorting_animate.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/tree.py         python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/turtle.cfg      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/two_canvases.py python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/turtledemo/yinyang.py      python-tkinter
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/2to3                                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/2to3-3.12                             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pydoc                                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pydoc3                                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pydoc3.12                             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/python                                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/python-config                         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/python3                               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/python3-config                        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/python3.12                            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/python3.12-config                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/Python.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/abstract.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/bltinmodule.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/boolobject.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/bytearrayobject.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/bytesobject.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/ceval.h                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/codecs.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/compile.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/complexobject.h        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/abstract.h     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/bytearrayobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/bytesobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/cellobject.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/ceval.h        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/classobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/code.h         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/compile.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/complexobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/context.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/descrobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/dictobject.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/fileobject.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/fileutils.h    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/floatobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/frameobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/funcobject.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/genobject.h    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/import.h       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/initconfig.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/interpreteridobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/listobject.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/longintrepr.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/longobject.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/memoryobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/methodobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/modsupport.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/object.h       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/objimpl.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/odictobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/picklebufobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pthread_stubs.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pyctype.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pydebug.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pyerrors.h     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pyfpe.h        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pyframe.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pylifecycle.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pymem.h        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pystate.h      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pythonrun.h    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pythread.h     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/pytime.h       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/setobject.h    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/sysmodule.h    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/traceback.h    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/tupleobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/unicodeobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/warnings.h     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/cpython/weakrefobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/datetime.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/descrobject.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/dictobject.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/dynamic_annotations.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/enumobject.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/errcode.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/exports.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/fileobject.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/fileutils.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/floatobject.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/frameobject.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/genericaliasobject.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/import.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_abstract.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_asdl.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_ast.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_ast_state.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_atexit.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_atomic.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_atomic_funcs.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_bitutils.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_blocks_output_buffer.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_bytes_methods.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_bytesobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_call.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_ceval.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_ceval_state.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_code.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_compile.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_condvar.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_context.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_descrobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_dict.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_dict_state.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_dtoa.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_emscripten_signal.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_exceptions.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_faulthandler.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_fileutils.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_fileutils_windows.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_floatobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_flowgraph.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_format.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_frame.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_function.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_gc.h   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_genobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_getopt.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_gil.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_global_objects.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_global_objects_fini_generated.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_global_strings.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_hamt.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_hashtable.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_import.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_initconfig.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_instruments.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_interp.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_intrinsics.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_list.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_long.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_memoryobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_moduleobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_namespace.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_object.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_object_state.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_obmalloc.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_obmalloc_init.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_opcode.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_opcode_utils.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_parser.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pathconfig.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pyarena.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pyerrors.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pyhash.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pylifecycle.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pymath.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pymem.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pymem_init.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pystate.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_pythread.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_range.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_runtime.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_runtime_init.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_runtime_init_generated.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_signal.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_sliceobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_strhex.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_structseq.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_symtable.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_sysmodule.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_time.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_token.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_traceback.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_tracemalloc.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_tuple.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_typeobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_typevarobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_ucnhash.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_unicodeobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_unicodeobject_generated.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_unionobject.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/internal/pycore_warnings.h python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/interpreteridobject.h  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/intrcheck.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/iterobject.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/listobject.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/longobject.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/marshal.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/memoryobject.h         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/methodobject.h         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/modsupport.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/moduleobject.h         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/object.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/objimpl.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/opcode.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/osdefs.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/osmodule.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/patchlevel.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/py_curses.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pybuffer.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pycapsule.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pyconfig.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pydtrace.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pyerrors.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pyexpat.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pyframe.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pyhash.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pylifecycle.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pymacconfig.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pymacro.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pymath.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pymem.h                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pyport.h               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pystate.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pystats.h              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pystrcmp.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pystrtod.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pythonrun.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pythread.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/pytypedefs.h           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/rangeobject.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/setobject.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/sliceobject.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/structmember.h         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/structseq.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/sysmodule.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/traceback.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/tracemalloc.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/tupleobject.h          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/typeslots.h            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/unicodeobject.h        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/warnings.h             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/python3.12/weakrefobject.h        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpython3.12.so                      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpython3.12.so.1.0                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libpython3.so                         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python-3.12-embed.pc        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python-3.12.pc              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python3-embed.pc            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/python3.pc                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/LICENSE.txt                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__future__.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__hello__.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/__init__.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/__pycache__/spam.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__phello__/spam.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/__future__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/__hello__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_aix_support.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_collections_abc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_compat_pickle.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_compression.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_markupbase.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_osx_support.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_py_abc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pydatetime.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pydatetime.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pydatetime.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pydecimal.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pyio.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pylong.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pylong.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_pylong.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_sitebuiltins.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_strptime.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_sysconfigdata__linux_.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_threading_local.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/_weakrefset.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/aifc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/antigravity.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/argparse.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ast.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ast.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ast.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/base64.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/base64.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/base64.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bdb.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bisect.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/bz2.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cProfile.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/calendar.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cgi.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cgitb.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/chunk.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/cmd.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/code.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/code.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/code.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/codecs.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/codeop.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/colorsys.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/compileall.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/configparser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/contextlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/contextvars.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/copy.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/copy.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/copy.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/copyreg.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/crypt.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/csv.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/csv.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/csv.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/dataclasses.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/datetime.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/decimal.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/difflib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/dis.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/dis.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/dis.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/doctest.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/enum.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/enum.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/enum.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/filecmp.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fileinput.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fnmatch.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/fractions.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ftplib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/functools.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/functools.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/functools.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/genericpath.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/getopt.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/getpass.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/gettext.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/glob.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/glob.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/glob.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/graphlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/gzip.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/hashlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/heapq.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/hmac.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/imaplib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/imghdr.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/inspect.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/io.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/io.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/io.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ipaddress.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/keyword.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/linecache.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/locale.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/locale.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/locale.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/lzma.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mailbox.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mailcap.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/mimetypes.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/modulefinder.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/netrc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/nntplib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ntpath.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/nturl2path.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/numbers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/opcode.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/operator.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/operator.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/operator.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/optparse.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/os.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/os.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/os.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pathlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pdb.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pickle.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pickletools.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pipes.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pkgutil.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/platform.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/platform.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/platform.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/plistlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/poplib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/posixpath.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pprint.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/profile.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/profile.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/profile.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pstats.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pty.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pty.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pty.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/py_compile.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pyclbr.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/pydoc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/queue.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/queue.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/queue.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/quopri.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/random.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/random.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/random.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/reprlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/rlcompleter.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/runpy.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sched.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sched.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sched.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/secrets.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/selectors.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shelve.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shlex.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/shutil.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/signal.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/signal.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/signal.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/site.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/site.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/site.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/smtplib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sndhdr.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/socket.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/socket.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/socket.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/socketserver.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_compile.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_constants.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sre_parse.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/ssl.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/stat.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/stat.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/stat.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/statistics.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/string.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/string.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/string.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/stringprep.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/struct.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/struct.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/struct.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sunau.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/symtable.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/sysconfig.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tabnanny.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tarfile.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/telnetlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tempfile.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/textwrap.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/this.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/this.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/this.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/threading.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/threading.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/threading.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/timeit.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/token.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/token.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/token.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/trace.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/trace.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/trace.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/traceback.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tracemalloc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tty.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tty.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/tty.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/typing.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/typing.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/typing.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/uu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/uu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/uu.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/uuid.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/warnings.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/wave.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/wave.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/wave.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/weakref.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/webbrowser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/xdrlib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/zipapp.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/__pycache__/zipimport.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_aix_support.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_collections_abc.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_compat_pickle.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_compression.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_markupbase.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_osx_support.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_py_abc.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_pydatetime.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_pydecimal.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_pyio.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_pylong.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_sitebuiltins.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_strptime.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_sysconfigdata__linux_.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_threading_local.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/_weakrefset.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/abc.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/aifc.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/antigravity.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/argparse.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ast.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__main__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_events.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_futures.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_subprocess.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/base_tasks.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/constants.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/coroutines.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/events.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/exceptions.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/format_helpers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/futures.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/locks.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/log.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/proactor_events.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/protocols.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/queues.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/runners.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/selector_events.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/sslproto.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/staggered.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/streams.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/subprocess.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/taskgroups.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/tasks.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/threads.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/timeouts.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/transports.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/trsock.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/unix_events.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_events.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/__pycache__/windows_utils.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/base_events.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/base_futures.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/base_subprocess.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/base_tasks.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/constants.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/coroutines.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/events.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/exceptions.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/format_helpers.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/futures.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/locks.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/log.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/mixins.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/proactor_events.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/protocols.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/queues.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/runners.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/selector_events.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/sslproto.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/staggered.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/streams.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/subprocess.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/taskgroups.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/tasks.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/threads.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/timeouts.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/transports.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/trsock.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/unix_events.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/windows_events.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/asyncio/windows_utils.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/base64.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/bdb.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/bisect.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/bz2.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/cProfile.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/calendar.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/cgi.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/cgitb.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/chunk.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/cmd.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/code.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/codecs.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/codeop.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/__init__.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/collections/abc.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/colorsys.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/compileall.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/__init__.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__init__.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/_base.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/process.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/__pycache__/thread.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/_base.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/process.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/concurrent/futures/thread.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/Makefile       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/Setup          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/Setup.bootstrap python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/Setup.local    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/Setup.stdlib   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/config.c       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/config.c.in    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/install-sh     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/makesetup      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/python-config.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/config-3.12/python.o       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/configparser.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/contextlib.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/contextvars.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/copy.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/copyreg.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/crypt.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/csv.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__init__.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/_aix.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/_endian.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/__pycache__/wintypes.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/_aix.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/_endian.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/README.ctypes python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__init__.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dyld.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/dylib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/__pycache__/framework.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/dyld.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/dylib.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/fetch_macholib python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/fetch_macholib.bat python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/macholib/framework.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/util.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ctypes/wintypes.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__init__.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/has_key.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/panel.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/__pycache__/textpad.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/ascii.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/has_key.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/panel.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/curses/textpad.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dataclasses.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/datetime.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__init__.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/dumb.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/__pycache__/ndbm.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/dumb.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/gnu.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dbm/ndbm.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/decimal.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/difflib.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/dis.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/doctest.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__init__.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_encoded_words.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_header_value_parser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_parseaddr.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/_policybase.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/base64mime.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/charset.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/contentmanager.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/encoders.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/errors.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/feedparser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/generator.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/header.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/headerregistry.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/iterators.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/message.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/parser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/policy.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/quoprimime.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/__pycache__/utils.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/_encoded_words.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/_header_value_parser.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/_parseaddr.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/_policybase.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/architecture.rst     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/base64mime.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/charset.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/contentmanager.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/encoders.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/errors.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/feedparser.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/generator.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/header.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/headerregistry.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/iterators.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/message.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__init__.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/application.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/audio.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/base.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/image.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/message.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/multipart.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/nonmultipart.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/__pycache__/text.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/application.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/audio.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/base.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/image.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/message.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/multipart.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/nonmultipart.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/mime/text.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/parser.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/policy.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/quoprimime.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/email/utils.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__init__.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/aliases.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/ascii.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/base64_codec.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/big5.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/big5hkscs.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/bz2_codec.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/charmap.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp037.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1006.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1026.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1125.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1140.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1250.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1251.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1252.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1253.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1254.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1255.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1256.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1257.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp1258.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp273.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp424.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp437.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp500.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp720.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp737.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp775.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp850.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp852.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp855.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp856.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp857.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp858.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp860.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp861.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp862.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp863.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp864.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp865.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp866.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp869.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp874.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp875.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp932.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp949.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/cp950.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jis_2004.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jisx0213.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_jp.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/euc_kr.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gb18030.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gb2312.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/gbk.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hex_codec.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hp_roman8.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/hz.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/idna.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_1.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_2004.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_3.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_jp_ext.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso2022_kr.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_1.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_10.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_11.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_13.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_14.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_15.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_16.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_2.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_3.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_4.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_5.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_6.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_7.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_8.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/iso8859_9.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/johab.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_r.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_t.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/koi8_u.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/kz1048.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/latin_1.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_arabic.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_croatian.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_cyrillic.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_farsi.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_greek.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_iceland.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_latin2.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_roman.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_romanian.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mac_turkish.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/mbcs.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/oem.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/palmos.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/ptcp154.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/punycode.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/quopri_codec.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/raw_unicode_escape.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/rot_13.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jis_2004.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/shift_jisx0213.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/tis_620.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/undefined.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/unicode_escape.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_be.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_16_le.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_be.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_32_le.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_7.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/utf_8_sig.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/uu_codec.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/__pycache__/zlib_codec.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/aliases.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/ascii.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/base64_codec.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/big5.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/big5hkscs.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/bz2_codec.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/charmap.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp037.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1006.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1026.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1125.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1140.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1250.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1251.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1252.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1253.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1254.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1255.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1256.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1257.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp1258.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp273.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp424.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp437.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp500.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp720.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp737.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp775.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp850.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp852.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp855.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp856.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp857.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp858.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp860.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp861.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp862.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp863.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp864.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp865.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp866.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp869.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp874.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp875.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp932.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp949.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/cp950.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/euc_jis_2004.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/euc_jisx0213.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/euc_jp.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/euc_kr.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/gb18030.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/gb2312.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/gbk.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/hex_codec.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/hp_roman8.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/hz.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/idna.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso2022_jp.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso2022_jp_1.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso2022_jp_2.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso2022_jp_2004.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso2022_jp_3.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso2022_jp_ext.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso2022_kr.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_1.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_10.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_11.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_13.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_14.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_15.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_16.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_2.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_3.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_4.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_5.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_6.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_7.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_8.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/iso8859_9.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/johab.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/koi8_r.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/koi8_t.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/koi8_u.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/kz1048.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/latin_1.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_arabic.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_croatian.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_cyrillic.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_farsi.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_greek.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_iceland.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_latin2.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_roman.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_romanian.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mac_turkish.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/mbcs.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/oem.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/palmos.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/ptcp154.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/punycode.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/quopri_codec.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/raw_unicode_escape.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/rot_13.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/shift_jis.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/shift_jis_2004.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/shift_jisx0213.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/tis_620.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/undefined.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/unicode_escape.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_16.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_16_be.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_16_le.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_32.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_32_be.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_32_le.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_7.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_8.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/utf_8_sig.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/uu_codec.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/encodings/zlib_codec.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__init__.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__main__.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/__pycache__/_uninstall.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ensurepip/_uninstall.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/enum.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/filecmp.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/fileinput.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/fnmatch.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/fractions.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ftplib.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/functools.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/genericpath.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/getopt.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/getpass.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/gettext.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/glob.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/graphlib.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/gzip.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/hashlib.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/heapq.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/hmac.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__init__.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/entities.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/__pycache__/parser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/entities.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/html/parser.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__init__.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/client.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/cookiejar.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/cookies.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/__pycache__/server.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/client.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/cookiejar.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/cookies.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/http/server.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/imaplib.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/imghdr.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__init__.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_abc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/_bootstrap_external.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/machinery.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/readers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/simple.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/_abc.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/_bootstrap.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/_bootstrap_external.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/abc.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/machinery.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__init__.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_collections.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_functools.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_meta.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/__pycache__/_text.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/_adapters.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/_collections.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/_functools.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/_itertools.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/_meta.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/metadata/_text.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/readers.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__init__.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_adapters.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_common.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_itertools.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/_legacy.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/abc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/readers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/__pycache__/simple.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/_adapters.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/_common.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/_itertools.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/_legacy.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/abc.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/readers.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/resources/simple.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/simple.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/importlib/util.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/inspect.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/io.py                      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ipaddress.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__init__.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/decoder.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/encoder.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/scanner.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/__pycache__/tool.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/decoder.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/encoder.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/scanner.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/json/tool.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/keyword.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_asyncio.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_bisect.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_blake2.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_bz2.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_codecs_cn.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_codecs_hk.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_codecs_iso2022.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_codecs_jp.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_codecs_kr.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_codecs_tw.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_contextvars.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_crypt.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_csv.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_ctypes.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_ctypes_test.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_curses.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_curses_panel.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_datetime.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_dbm.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_decimal.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_elementtree.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_gdbm.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_hashlib.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_heapq.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_json.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_lsprof.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_lzma.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_md5.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_multibytecodec.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_multiprocessing.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_opcode.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_pickle.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_posixshmem.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_posixsubprocess.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_queue.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_random.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_sha1.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_sha2.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_sha3.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_socket.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_sqlite3.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_ssl.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_statistics.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_struct.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_testbuffer.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_testcapi.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_testclinic.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_testimportmultiple.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_testinternalcapi.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_testmultiphase.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_testsinglephase.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_xxinterpchannels.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_xxsubinterpreters.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_xxtestfuzz.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/_zoneinfo.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/array.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/audioop.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/binascii.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/cmath.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/fcntl.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/grp.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/math.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/mmap.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/ossaudiodev.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/pyexpat.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/readline.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/resource.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/select.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/syslog.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/termios.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/unicodedata.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/xxlimited.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/xxlimited_35.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/xxsubtype.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib-dynload/zlib.cpython-312.so python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/Grammar.txt        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/Grammar3.12.3.final.0.pickle python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/PatternGrammar.txt python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/PatternGrammar3.12.3.final.0.pickle python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__main__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_matcher.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/btm_utils.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_base.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/fixer_util.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/main.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/patcomp.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/pygram.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/pytree.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/__pycache__/refactor.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/btm_matcher.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/btm_utils.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixer_base.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixer_util.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__init__.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_apply.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_asserts.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_basestring.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_buffer.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_dict.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_except.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exec.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_execfile.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_exitfunc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_filter.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_funcattrs.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_future.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_getcwdu.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_has_key.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_idioms.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_import.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_imports2.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_input.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_intern.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_isinstance.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_itertools_imports.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_long.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_map.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_metaclass.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_methodattrs.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ne.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_next.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_nonzero.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_numliterals.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_operator.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_paren.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_print.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raise.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_raw_input.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reduce.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_reload.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_renames.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_repr.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_set_literal.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_standarderror.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_sys_exc.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_throw.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_tuple_params.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_types.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_unicode.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_urllib.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_ws_comma.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xrange.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_xreadlines.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/__pycache__/fix_zip.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_apply.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_asserts.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_basestring.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_buffer.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_dict.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_except.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_exec.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_execfile.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_exitfunc.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_filter.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_funcattrs.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_future.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_getcwdu.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_has_key.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_idioms.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_import.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_imports.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_imports2.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_input.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_intern.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_isinstance.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_itertools.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_itertools_imports.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_long.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_map.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_metaclass.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_methodattrs.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_ne.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_next.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_nonzero.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_numliterals.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_operator.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_paren.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_print.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_raise.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_raw_input.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_reduce.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_reload.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_renames.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_repr.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_set_literal.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_standarderror.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_sys_exc.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_throw.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_tuple_params.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_types.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_unicode.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_urllib.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_ws_comma.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_xrange.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_xreadlines.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/fixes/fix_zip.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/main.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/patcomp.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__init__.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/conv.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/driver.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/grammar.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/literals.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/parse.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/pgen.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/token.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/__pycache__/tokenize.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/conv.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/driver.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/grammar.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/literals.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/parse.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/pgen.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/token.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pgen2/tokenize.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pygram.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/pytree.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lib2to3/refactor.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/linecache.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/locale.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/config.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/config.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/logging/handlers.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/lzma.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/mailbox.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/mailcap.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/mimetypes.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/modulefinder.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__init__.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/context.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/forkserver.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/heap.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/managers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/pool.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_fork.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_forkserver.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_posix.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/popen_spawn_win32.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/process.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/queues.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/reduction.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_sharer.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/resource_tracker.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/shared_memory.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/sharedctypes.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/spawn.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/synchronize.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/connection.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/context.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/__init__.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/__pycache__/connection.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/dummy/connection.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/forkserver.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/heap.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/managers.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/pool.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/popen_fork.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/popen_forkserver.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/popen_spawn_posix.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/popen_spawn_win32.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/process.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/queues.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/reduction.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/resource_sharer.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/resource_tracker.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/shared_memory.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/sharedctypes.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/spawn.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/synchronize.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/multiprocessing/util.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/netrc.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/nntplib.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ntpath.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/nturl2path.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/numbers.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/opcode.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/operator.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/optparse.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/os.py                      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pathlib.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pdb.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pickle.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pickletools.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pipes.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pkgutil.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/platform.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/plistlib.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/poplib.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/posixpath.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pprint.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/profile.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pstats.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pty.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/py_compile.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pyclbr.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/__init__.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/__pycache__/topics.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/_pydoc.css      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/pydoc_data/topics.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/queue.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/quopri.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/random.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__init__.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_casefix.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_compiler.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/_casefix.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/_compiler.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/_constants.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/re/_parser.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/reprlib.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/rlcompleter.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/runpy.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sched.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/secrets.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/selectors.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/shelve.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/shlex.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/shutil.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/signal.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/README.txt   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/smtplib.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sndhdr.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/socket.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/socketserver.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__main__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/dbapi2.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/__pycache__/dump.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/dbapi2.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sqlite3/dump.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sre_compile.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sre_constants.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sre_parse.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/ssl.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/stat.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/statistics.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/string.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/stringprep.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/struct.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/subprocess.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sunau.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/symtable.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/sysconfig.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tabnanny.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tarfile.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/telnetlib.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tempfile.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/textwrap.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/this.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/threading.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/timeit.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/token.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tokenize.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_parser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_re.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/__pycache__/_types.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/_parser.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/_re.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tomllib/_types.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/trace.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/traceback.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tracemalloc.py             python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/tty.py                     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/types.py                   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/typing.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__init__.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__main__.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/_log.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/async_case.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/case.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/loader.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/main.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/mock.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/result.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/runner.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/signals.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/suite.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/_log.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/async_case.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/case.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/loader.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/main.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/mock.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/result.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/runner.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/signals.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/suite.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/unittest/util.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__init__.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/error.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/parse.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/request.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/response.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/__pycache__/robotparser.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/error.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/parse.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/request.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/response.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/urllib/robotparser.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/uu.py                      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/uuid.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__init__.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__main__.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/scripts/common/Activate.ps1 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/scripts/common/activate python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/scripts/posix/activate.csh python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/venv/scripts/posix/activate.fish python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/warnings.py                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wave.py                    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/weakref.py                 python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/webbrowser.py              python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/handlers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/headers.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/simple_server.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/types.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/util.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/__pycache__/validate.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/handlers.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/headers.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/simple_server.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/types.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/util.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/wsgiref/validate.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xdrlib.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/__init__.py            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/NodeFilter.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/NodeFilter.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/domreg.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/expatbuilder.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/minicompat.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/minidom.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/pulldom.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/__pycache__/xmlbuilder.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/domreg.py          python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/expatbuilder.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/minicompat.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/minidom.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/pulldom.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/dom/xmlbuilder.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/ElementInclude.py python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/ElementPath.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/ElementTree.py   python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__init__.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementPath.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/ElementTree.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/__pycache__/cElementTree.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/etree/cElementTree.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/__init__.py    python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/__pycache__/expat.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/parsers/expat.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/_exceptions.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/expatreader.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/handler.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/saxutils.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/__pycache__/xmlreader.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/_exceptions.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/expatreader.py     python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/handler.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/saxutils.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xml/sax/xmlreader.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__init__.py         python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/client.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/__pycache__/server.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/client.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/xmlrpc/server.py           python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipapp.py                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__init__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__main__.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/__init__.py  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/__pycache__/glob.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/__pycache__/glob.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/__pycache__/glob.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipfile/_path/glob.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zipimport.py               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__init__.py       python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_common.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_tzpath.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-312.opt-2.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/__pycache__/_zoneinfo.cpython-312.pyc python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/_common.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/_tzpath.py        python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/zoneinfo/_zoneinfo.py      python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/python/LICENSE                  python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/python.1.gz                python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/python3.1.gz               python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/python3.12.1.gz            python
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/_unbound.la  pyunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/_unbound.so  pyunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/python3.12/site-packages/unbound.py   pyunbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pzstd                                 pzstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhistory.a                          readline-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libreadline.a                         readline-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/inputrc                               readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/chardefs.h               readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/history.h                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/keymaps.h                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/readline.h               readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/rlconf.h                 readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/rlstdc.h                 readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/rltypedefs.h             readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/readline/tilde.h                  readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so                         readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8                       readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8.2                     readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so                        readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8                      readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8.2                    readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/history.pc                  readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/readline.pc                 readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/readline/CHANGES                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/readline/INSTALL                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/readline/README                 readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/readline/copyright              readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/history.info                   readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/readline.info                  readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/info/rluserman.info                 readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/history.3.gz               readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/readline.3.gz              readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/excallback.c               readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/fileman.c                  readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/hist_erasedups.c           readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/hist_purgecmd.c            readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/histexamp.c                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/manexamp.c                 readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rl-callbacktest.c          readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rl-fgets.c                 readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rl-timeout.c               readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rl.c                       readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rlbasic.c                  readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rlcat.c                    readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rlevent.c                  readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rlkeymaps.c                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rlptytest.c                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rltest.c                   readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/readline/rlversion.c                readline
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/hosts                                 resolv-conf
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/resolv.conf                           resolv-conf
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/resolv-conf/copyright           resolv-conf
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/sqlite3                               sqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/sqlite3.1.gz               sqlite
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ccache-swig                           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/swig                                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/swig/COPYRIGHT                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/swig/LICENSE                    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/swig/LICENSE-GPL                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/swig/LICENSE-UNIVERSITIES       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/allkw.swg                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/attribute.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/boost_shared_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/c.swg                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/cdata.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/cexcept.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/cheader.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/clabels.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_common.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_except.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_map.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_pair.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_set.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_shared_ptr.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_string.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/std_vector.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/stl.i                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/c/typemaps.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/carrays.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/cdata.i                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/cmalloc.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/constraints.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/cpointer.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/argcargv.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/arrays_csharp.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/boost_intrusive_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/boost_shared_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/cdata.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/complex.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/csharp.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/csharphead.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/csharpkw.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/director.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/enums.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/enumsimple.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/enumtypesafe.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_array.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_auto_ptr.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_common.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_complex.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_deque.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_except.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_list.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_map.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_pair.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_set.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_shared_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_string.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_string_view.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_unique_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_unordered_map.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_unordered_set.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_vector.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/std_wstring.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/stl.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/swiginterface.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/swigmove.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/swigtype_inout.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/typemaps.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/csharp/wchar.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/cstring.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/cwstring.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/argcargv.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/boost_shared_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/carrays.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/cdata.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/cpointer.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/d.swg                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dclassgen.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/ddirectives.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/denums.swg             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dexception.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dhead.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/director.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dkw.swg                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dmemberfunctionpointers.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/doperators.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dprimitives.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dstrings.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dswigtype.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/dvoid.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_auto_ptr.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_common.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_deque.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_except.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_map.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_pair.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_shared_ptr.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_string.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_unique_ptr.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/std_vector.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/stl.i                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/swigmove.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/typemaps.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/d/wrapperloader.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/director_common.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/director_guard.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/exception.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/argcargv.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/cdata.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/director.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/exception.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/go.swg                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/gokw.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/goruntime.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/gostring.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_array.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_common.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_deque.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_except.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_list.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_map.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_pair.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_string.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/std_vector.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/stl.i                 swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/swigmove.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/go/typemaps.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/argcargv.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/cdata.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/common.scm         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/cplusplus.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/guile.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/guile_scm.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/guile_scm_run.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/guilemain.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/interpreter.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/list-vector.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/pointer-in-out.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/ports.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_auto_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_common.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_deque.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_except.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_map.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_pair.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_string.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_unique_ptr.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/std_vector.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/stl.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/swigmove.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/swigrun.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/guile/typemaps.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/intrusive_ptr.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/inttypes.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/argcargv.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/arrays_java.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/boost_intrusive_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/boost_shared_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/cdata.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/director.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/enums.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/enumsimple.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/enumtypesafe.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/enumtypeunsafe.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/java.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/javahead.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/javakw.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_array.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_auto_ptr.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_common.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_deque.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_except.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_list.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_map.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_pair.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_set.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_shared_ptr.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_string.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_string_view.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_unique_ptr.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_unordered_map.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_unordered_set.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_vector.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/std_wstring.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/stl.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/swiginterface.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/swigmove.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/typemaps.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/java/various.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/javascriptkw.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/argcargv.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/arrays_javascript.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/ccomplex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/cmalloc.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/complex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/exception.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/factory.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascript.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptcode.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptcomplex.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptfragments.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascripthelpers.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptinit.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptprimtypes.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptrun.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptruntime.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascriptstrings.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/javascripttypemaps.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_auto_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_common.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_complex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_deque.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_except.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_map.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_pair.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_string.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_unique_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/std_vector.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/stl.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/swigmove.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/jsc/typemaps.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/argcargv.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/arrays_javascript.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/ccomplex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/cmalloc.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/complex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/exception.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/factory.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascript.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptcode.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptcomplex.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptfragments.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptinit.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptprimtypes.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptrun.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptruntime.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascriptstrings.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/javascripttypemaps.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/nodejs_buffer.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_auto_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_common.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_complex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_deque.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_except.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_map.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_pair.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_string.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_unique_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/std_vector.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/stl.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/swigmove.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/napi/typemaps.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/argcargv.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/arrays_javascript.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/ccomplex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/cmalloc.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/complex.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/exception.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/factory.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascript.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptcode.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptcomplex.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptfragments.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascripthelpers.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptinit.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptprimtypes.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptrun.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptruntime.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascriptstrings.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/javascripttypemaps.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_auto_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_common.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_complex.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_deque.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_except.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_map.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_pair.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_string.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_unique_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/std_vector.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/stl.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/swigmove.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/javascript/v8/typemaps.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/_std_common.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/argcargv.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/carrays.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/cdata.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/factory.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/lua.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/lua_fnptr.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/luakw.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/luarun.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/luaruntime.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/luatypemaps.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_auto_ptr.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_common.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_deque.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_except.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_map.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_pair.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_string.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_string_view.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_unique_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/std_vector.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/stl.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/swigmove.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/typemaps.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/lua/wchar.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/math.i                   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/argcargv.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/cdata.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/mzrun.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/mzscheme.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_auto_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_common.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_deque.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_map.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_pair.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_string.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_unique_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/std_vector.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/stl.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/swigmove.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/mzscheme/typemaps.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/carray.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/cdata.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/class.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/cstring.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/director.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/ocaml.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/ocaml.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/ocamlkw.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/ocamlrun.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/ocamlrundec.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/preamble.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_common.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_complex.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_deque.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_except.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_list.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_map.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_pair.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_string.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/std_vector.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/stl.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/swig.ml            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/swig.mli           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/swigmove.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/swigp4.ml          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/typecheck.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/typemaps.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ocaml/typeregister.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/argcargv.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/attribute.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/boost_shared_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/carrays.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/cmalloc.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/director.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/exception.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/factory.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/implicit.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octave.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octcomplex.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octcontainer.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octfragments.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octheaders.hpp    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octiterators.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octopers.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octprimtypes.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octrun.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octruntime.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octstdcommon.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octtypemaps.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/octuserdir.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_alloc.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_auto_ptr.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_basic_string.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_char_traits.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_common.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_complex.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_container.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_deque.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_except.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_list.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_map.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_pair.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_shared_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_string.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_unique_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_vector.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/std_wstring.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/stl.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/swigmove.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/octave/typemaps.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/Makefile.pl        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/argcargv.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/attribute.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/carrays.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/cmalloc.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/cpointer.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/cstring.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/director.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/exception.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/factory.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/noembed.h          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perl5.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlerrors.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlfragments.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlhead.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlinit.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlkw.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlmacros.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlmain.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlopers.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlprimtypes.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlrun.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlruntime.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perlstrings.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perltypemaps.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/perluserdir.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/reference.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_auto_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_common.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_deque.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_except.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_list.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_map.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_pair.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_string.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_string_view.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_unique_ptr.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/std_vector.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/stl.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/swigmove.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/perl5/typemaps.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/argcargv.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/cdata.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/const.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/director.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/factory.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/php.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/phpinit.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/phpinterfaces.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/phpkw.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/phppointers.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/phprun.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_auto_ptr.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_common.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_deque.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_map.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_pair.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_string.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_string_view.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_unique_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/std_vector.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/stl.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/swigmove.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/typemaps.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/php/utils.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/argcargv.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/attribute.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/boost_shared_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/builtin.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/carrays.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/ccomplex.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/cmalloc.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/complex.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/cpointer.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/cstring.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/cwstring.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/director.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/director_py_mutex.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/embed.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/exception.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/factory.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/file.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/implicit.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyabc.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyapi.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pybackward.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pybuffer.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyclasses.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pycomplex.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pycontainer.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pydocs.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyerrors.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyfragments.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyhead.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyinit.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyiterators.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pymacros.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyname_compat.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyopers.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyprimtypes.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyrun.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyruntime.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pystdcommon.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pystrings.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/python.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pythonkw.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pythreads.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pytypemaps.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pyuserdir.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/pywstrings.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_alloc.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_array.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_auto_ptr.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_basic_string.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_char_traits.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_common.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_complex.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_container.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_deque.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_except.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_filesystem.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_ios.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_iostream.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_list.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_map.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_multimap.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_multiset.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_pair.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_set.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_shared_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_sstream.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_streambuf.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_string.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_string_view.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_unique_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_unordered_map.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_unordered_multimap.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_unordered_multiset.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_unordered_set.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_vector.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_vectora.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_wios.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_wiostream.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_wsstream.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_wstreambuf.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/std_wstring.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/stl.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/swigmove.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/typemaps.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/python/wchar.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/argcargv.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/boost_shared_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/exception.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/r.swg                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/rcontainer.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/rfragments.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/rkw.swg                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/ropers.swg             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/rrun.swg               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/rstdcommon.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/rtype.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/srun.swg               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_alloc.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_common.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_container.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_deque.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_except.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_list.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_map.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_pair.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_shared_ptr.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_string.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/std_vector.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/stl.i                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/swigmove.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/r/typemaps.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/Makefile.swig       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/argcargv.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/attribute.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/boost_shared_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/carrays.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/cmalloc.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/cpointer.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/cstring.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/director.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/embed.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/exception.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/extconf.rb          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/factory.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/file.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/progargcargv.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/ruby.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyapi.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyautodoc.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyclasses.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubycomplex.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubycontainer.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubycontainer_extended.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubydef.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyerrors.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyfragments.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyhead.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyinit.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyiterators.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubykw.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubymacros.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyopers.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyprimtypes.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyrun.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyruntime.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubystdautodoc.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubystdcommon.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubystdcommon_forward.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubystdfunctors.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubystrings.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubytracking.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubytypemaps.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubyuserdir.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/rubywstrings.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_alloc.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_array.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_auto_ptr.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_basic_string.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_char_traits.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_common.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_complex.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_container.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_deque.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_except.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_functors.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_ios.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_iostream.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_list.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_map.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_multimap.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_multiset.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_pair.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_queue.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_set.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_shared_ptr.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_sstream.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_stack.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_streambuf.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_string.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_string_view.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_unique_ptr.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_unordered_map.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_unordered_multimap.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_unordered_multiset.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_unordered_set.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_vector.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_vectora.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/std_wstring.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/stl.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/swigmove.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/timeval.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/ruby/typemaps.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/runtime.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/argcargv.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/boost_shared_ptr.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/carrays.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/cmalloc.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/cpointer.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/exception.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/matrix.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciarray.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scibool.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scichar.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scicontainer.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scidouble.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scienum.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciexception.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scifloat.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciint.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciiterators.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scilab.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scilist.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scilong.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scilonglong.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scimacros.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scimatrixbool.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scimatrixchar.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scimatrixdouble.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scimatrixint.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scimisctypes.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scipointer.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciprimtypes.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scirun.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciruntime.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisequence.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisequencebool.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisequencedouble.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisequencefloat.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisequenceint.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisequencepointer.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisequencestring.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scishort.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scisignedchar.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scistdcommon.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/scitypemaps.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciunsignedchar.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciunsignedint.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciunsignedlong.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/sciunsignedshort.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_alloc.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_basic_string.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_char_traits.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_common.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_container.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_deque.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_except.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_list.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_map.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_multiset.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_pair.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_set.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_shared_ptr.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_string.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/std_vector.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/stl.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/swigmove.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/scilab/typemaps.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/shared_ptr.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/_std_deque.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_alloc.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_array.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_basic_string.i   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_char_traits.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_common.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_container.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_deque.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_except.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_ios.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_iostream.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_list.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_map.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_multimap.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_multiset.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_pair.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_queue.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_set.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_sstream.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_stack.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_streambuf.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_string.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_unordered_map.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_unordered_multimap.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_unordered_multiset.i swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_unordered_set.i  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_vector.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_vectora.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_wios.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_wiostream.i      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_wsstream.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_wstreambuf.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std/std_wstring.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/std_except.i             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/stdint.i                 swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/stl.i                    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swig.swg                 swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigarch.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigcompat.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigerrors.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigfragments.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swiginit.swg             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swiglabels.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigrun.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigrun.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigwarn.swg             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/swigwarnings.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/argcargv.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/attribute.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/carrays.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/cmalloc.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/cpointer.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/cstring.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/cwstring.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/exception.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/factory.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_auto_ptr.i       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_common.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_deque.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_except.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_map.i            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_pair.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_string.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_string_view.i    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_unique_ptr.i     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_vector.i         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/std_wstring.i        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/stl.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/swigmove.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tcl8.swg             swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclapi.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclerrors.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclfragments.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclinit.swg          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclinterp.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclkw.swg            swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclmacros.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclopers.swg         swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclprimtypes.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclresult.i          swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclrun.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclruntime.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclsh.i              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclstrings.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tcltypemaps.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tcluserdir.swg       swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/tclwstrings.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/typemaps.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/tcl/wish.i               swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/attribute.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/carrays.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/cdata_begin.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/cdata_end.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/cmalloc.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/cpointer.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/cstring.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/cstrings.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/cwstring.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/enumint.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/exception.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/factory.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/fragments.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/implicit.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/inoutlist.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/misctypes.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/primtypes.swg   swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/ptrtypes.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/std_except.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/std_string.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/std_string_view.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/std_strings.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/std_wstring.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/string.swg      swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/strings.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/swigmacros.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/swigmove.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/swigobject.swg  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/swigtype.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/swigtypemaps.swg swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/typemaps.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/valtypes.swg    swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/void.swg        swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/typemaps/wstring.swg     swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/unique_ptr.swg           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/wchar.i                  swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/windows.i                swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/xml/typemaps.i           swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/swig/4.3.1/xml/xml.swg              swig
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tclsh                                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/tclsh8.6                              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/fakemysql.h                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/fakepq.h                          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/fakesql.h                         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/itcl.h                            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/itcl2TclOO.h                      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/itclDecls.h                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/itclInt.h                         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/itclIntDecls.h                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/itclMigrate2TclCore.h             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/itclTclIntStubsFcn.h              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/mysqlStubs.h                      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/odbcStubs.h                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/pqStubs.h                         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tcl.h                             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclDecls.h                        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclInt.h                          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclIntDecls.h                     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclIntPlatDecls.h                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclOO.h                           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclOODecls.h                      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclOOInt.h                        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclOOIntDecls.h                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclPlatDecls.h                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclPort.h                         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclThread.h                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclTomMath.h                      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclTomMathDecls.h                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tclUnixPort.h                     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tdbc.h                            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tdbcDecls.h                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tdbcInt.h                         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.4/itcl.tcl                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.4/itclConfig.sh               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.4/itclHullCmds.tcl            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.4/itclWidget.tcl              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.4/libitcl4.2.4.so             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.4/libitclstub4.2.4.a          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/itcl4.2.4/pkgIndex.tcl                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtcl8.6.so                          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtclstub8.6.a                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tcl.pc                      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.4/platform/shell-1.1.4.tm      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.4/platform-1.0.19.tm           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.5/msgcat-1.6.1.tm              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.5/tcltest-2.5.7.tm             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.6/http-2.9.8.tm                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8/8.6/tdbc/sqlite3-1.1.7.tm        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/auto.tcl                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/clock.tcl                      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ascii.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/big5.enc              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cns11643.enc          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1250.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1251.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1252.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1253.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1254.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1255.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1256.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1257.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp1258.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp437.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp737.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp775.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp850.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp852.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp855.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp857.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp860.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp861.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp862.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp863.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp864.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp865.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp866.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp869.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp874.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp932.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp936.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp949.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/cp950.enc             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/dingbats.enc          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ebcdic.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-cn.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-jp.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/euc-kr.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb12345.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb1988.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb2312-raw.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/gb2312.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022-jp.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022-kr.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso2022.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-1.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-10.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-11.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-13.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-14.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-15.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-16.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-2.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-3.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-4.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-5.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-6.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-7.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-8.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/iso8859-9.enc         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0201.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0208.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/jis0212.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/koi8-r.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/koi8-u.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/ksc5601.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCentEuro.enc       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCroatian.enc       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macCyrillic.enc       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macDingbats.enc       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macGreek.enc          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macIceland.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macJapan.enc          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macRoman.enc          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macRomania.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macThai.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macTurkish.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/macUkraine.enc        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/shiftjis.enc          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/symbol.enc            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/encoding/tis-620.enc           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/history.tcl                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/http1.0/http.tcl               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/http1.0/pkgIndex.tcl           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/init.tcl                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/af.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/af_za.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_jo.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_lb.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ar_sy.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/be.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bg.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bn.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/bn_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ca.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/cs.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/da.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de_at.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/de_be.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/el.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_au.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_be.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_bw.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ca.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_gb.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_hk.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ie.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_nz.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_ph.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_sg.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_za.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/en_zw.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eo.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ar.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_bo.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_cl.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_co.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_cr.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_do.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ec.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_gt.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_hn.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_mx.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ni.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pa.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pe.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_pr.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_py.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_sv.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_uy.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/es_ve.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/et.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eu.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/eu_es.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fa_ir.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fi.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fo.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fo_fo.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_be.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_ca.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/fr_ch.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ga.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ga_ie.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gl.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gl_es.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gv.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/gv_gb.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/he.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hi.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hi_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hr.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/hu.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/id.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/id_id.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/is.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/it.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/it_ch.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ja.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kl.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kl_gl.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ko.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ko_kr.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kok.msg                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kok_in.msg                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kw.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/kw_gb.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/lt.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/lv.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mk.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mr.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mr_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ms.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ms_my.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/mt.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nb.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nl.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nl_be.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/nn.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pl.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pt.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/pt_br.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ro.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ru.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ru_ua.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sh.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sk.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sl.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sq.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sr.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sv.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/sw.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ta.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/ta_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/te.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/te_in.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/th.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/tr.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/uk.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/vi.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh.msg                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_cn.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_hk.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_sg.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/msgs/zh_tw.msg                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/opt0.4/optparse.tcl            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/opt0.4/pkgIndex.tcl            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/package.tcl                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/parray.tcl                     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/safe.tcl                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tclAppInit.c                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tclIndex                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/tm.tcl                         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tcl8.6/word.tcl                       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tclConfig.sh                          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tclooConfig.sh                        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.7/libtdbc1.1.7.so             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.7/libtdbcstub1.1.7.a          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.7/pkgIndex.tcl                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.7/tdbc.tcl                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbc1.1.7/tdbcConfig.sh               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.7/libtdbcmysql1.1.7.so   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.7/pkgIndex.tcl           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcmysql1.1.7/tdbcmysql.tcl          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.7/libtdbcodbc1.1.7.so     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.7/pkgIndex.tcl            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcodbc1.1.7/tdbcodbc.tcl            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.7/libtdbcpostgres1.1.7.so tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.7/pkgIndex.tcl        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tdbcpostgres1.1.7/tdbcpostgres.tcl    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.9/libthread2.8.9.so         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.9/pkgIndex.tcl              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/thread2.8.9/ttrace.tcl                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tcl/license.terms               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/tclsh.1.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/DString.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Notifier.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/RegExp.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/TCL_MEM_DEBUG.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Access.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AddErrorInfo.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AddObjErrorInfo.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AlertNotifier.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Alloc.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AllocStatBuf.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AllowExceptions.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppInit.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendAllObjTypes.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendElement.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendExportList.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendFormatToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendLimitedToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendObjToErrorInfo.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendObjToObj.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendPrintfToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendResult.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendResultVA.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendStringsToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendStringsToObjVA.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendToObj.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AppendUnicodeToObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncCreate.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncDelete.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncInvoke.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncMark.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AsyncReady.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptAlloc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptRealloc.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_AttemptSetObjLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BackgroundError.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BackgroundException.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Backslash.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_BadChannelOption.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CallWhenDeleted.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CancelEval.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CancelIdleCall.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Canceled.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelBlockModeProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelBuffered.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelClose2Proc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelCloseProc.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelFlushProc.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelGetHandleProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelGetOptionProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelHandlerProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelInputProc.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelName.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelOutputProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelSeekProc.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelSetOptionProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelThreadActionProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelTruncateProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelVersion.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelWatchProc.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ChannelWideSeekProc.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Chdir.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassGetMetadata.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetConstructor.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetDestructor.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClassSetMetadata.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ClearChannelHandlers.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Close.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CommandComplete.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CommandTraceInfo.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Concat.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConcatObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionFinalize.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionNotify.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConditionWait.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertCountedElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertElement.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ConvertToType.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CopyObjectInstance.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateAlias.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateAliasObj.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChannelHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateChild.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateCloseHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateCommand.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEncoding.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEnsemble.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateEventSource.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateFileHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateHashEntry.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateInterp.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateMathFunc.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateNamespace.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateObjCommand.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateObjTrace.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateSlave.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateThread.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateThreadExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateTimerHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CreateTrace.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_CutChannel.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringAppend.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringAppendElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringEndSublist.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringFree.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringGetResult.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringInit.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringLength.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringResult.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringSetLength.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringStartSublist.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringTrunc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DStringValue.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DecrRefCount.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteAssocData.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteChannelHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCloseHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCommand.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteCommandFromToken.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteEventSource.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteEvents.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteFileHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteHashEntry.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteHashTable.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteInterp.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteNamespace.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteThreadExitHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteTimerHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DeleteTrace.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DetachChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DetachPids.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjDone.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjFirst.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjGet.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjNext.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjPut.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjPutKeyList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjRemove.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjRemoveKeyList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DictObjSize.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DiscardInterpState.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DiscardResult.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DoOneEvent.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DoWhenIdle.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DontCallWhenDeleted.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DumpActiveMemory.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_DuplicateObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Eof.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ErrnoId.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ErrnoMsg.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Eval.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalEx.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalFile.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalObjEx.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalObjv.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalTokens.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EvalTokensStandard.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_EventuallyFree.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Exit.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExitThread.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Export.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExposeCommand.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprBoolean.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprBooleanObj.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprDouble.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprDoubleObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprLong.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprLongObj.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprObj.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExprString.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExternalToUtf.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ExternalToUtfDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSAccess.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSChdir.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSConvertToPathType.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCopyDirectory.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCopyFile.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSCreateDirectory.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSData.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSDeleteFile.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEqualPaths.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEvalFile.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSEvalFileEx.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrStrings.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrsGet.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileAttrsSet.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSFileSystemInfo.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetCwd.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetFileSystemForPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetInternalRep.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetNativePath.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetNormalizedPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetPathType.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetTranslatedPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSGetTranslatedStringPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSJoinPath.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSJoinToPath.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLink.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSListVolumes.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLoadFile.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSLstat.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSMatchInDirectory.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSMountsChanged.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSNewNativePath.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSOpenFileChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSPathSeparator.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRegister.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRemoveDirectory.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSRenameFile.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSSplitPath.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSStat.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUnloadFile.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUnregister.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FSUtime.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Finalize.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FinalizeNotifier.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FinalizeThread.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindCommand.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindEnsemble.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindExecutable.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindHashEntry.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindNamespace.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FindSymbol.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FirstHashEntry.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Flush.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ForgetImport.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Format.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Free.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeEncoding.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeParse.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_FreeResult.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAccessTimeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAlias.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAliasObj.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetAssocData.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBignumFromObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBlockSizeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBlocksFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBoolean.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetBooleanFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetByteArrayFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChangeTimeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannel.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelBufferSize.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelError.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelErrorInterp.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelHandle.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelInstanceData.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelMode.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelName.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelNames.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelNamesEx.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelOption.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelThread.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChannelType.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCharLength.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetChild.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetClassAsObject.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandFullName.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandInfo.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandInfoFromToken.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCommandName.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCurrentNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCurrentThread.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetCwd.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDefaultEncodingDir.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDeviceTypeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDouble.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetDoubleFromObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncoding.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingName.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingNameFromEnvironment.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingNames.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEncodingSearchPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleFlags.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleMappingDict.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleParameterList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleSubcommandList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetEnsembleUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetErrno.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetErrorLine.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetFSDeviceFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetFSInodeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetGlobalNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetGroupIdFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHashKey.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHashValue.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetHostName.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIndexFromObj.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIndexFromObjStruct.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetInt.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetIntFromObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetInterpPath.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetLinkCountFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetLongFromObj.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMaster.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMathFuncInfo.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetMemoryInfo.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetModeFromStat.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetModificationTimeFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetNameOfExecutable.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetNamespaceUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjResult.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjType.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectAsClass.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectCommand.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectFromObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectName.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetObjectNamespace.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetOpenFile.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetParent.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetPathType.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetRange.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetRegExpFromObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetReturnOptions.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetServiceMode.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetSizeFromStat.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetSlave.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStackedChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStartupScript.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStdChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetString.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStringFromObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetStringResult.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetThreadData.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetTime.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetTopChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUniChar.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUnicode.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUnicodeFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetUserIdFromStat.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar2.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVar2Ex.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetVersion.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetWideIntFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Gets.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GetsObj.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GlobalEval.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_GlobalEvalObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_HashStats.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_HideCommand.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Import.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IncrRefCount.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Init.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitCustomHashTable.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitHashTable.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitMemory.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitNotifier.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitObjHashTable.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InitStubs.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InputBlocked.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InputBuffered.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Interp.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InterpActive.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InterpDeleted.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_InvalidateStringRep.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelExisting.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelRegistered.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsChannelShared.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsEnsemble.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsSafe.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsShared.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_IsStandardChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_JoinPath.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_JoinThread.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitAddHandler.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitCheck.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitExceeded.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetCommands.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetGranularity.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitGetTime.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitReady.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitRemoveHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetCommands.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetGranularity.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitSetTime.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeEnabled.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeExceeded.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeReset.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LimitTypeSet.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LinkVar.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListMathFuncs.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjAppendElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjAppendList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjGetElements.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjIndex.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjLength.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ListObjReplace.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LoadFile.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_LogCommandInfo.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Main.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MainEx.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MainExW.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeFileChannel.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeSafe.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MakeTcpClientChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Merge.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodDeclarerClass.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodDeclarerObject.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodIsPublic.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodIsType.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MethodName.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexFinalize.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexLock.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_MutexUnlock.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRAddCallback.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCallObjProc.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCmdSwap.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRCreateCommand.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NREvalObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NREvalObjv.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NRExprObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewBignumObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewBooleanObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewByteArrayObj.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewDictObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewDoubleObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewInstanceMethod.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewIntObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewListObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewLongObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewMethod.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewObj.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewObjectInstance.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewStringObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewUnicodeObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NewWideIntObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NextHashEntry.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NotifyChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_NumUtfChars.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OOInitStubs.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjGetVar2.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjPrintf.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjSetVar2.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextInvokeNext.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextIsFiltering.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextMethod.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextObject.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectContextSkippedArgs.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectDeleted.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectGetMetadata.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectGetMethodNameMapper.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectSetMetadata.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ObjectSetMethodNameMapper.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenCommandChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenFileChannel.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenTcpClient.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OpenTcpServer.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_OutputBuffered.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Panic.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PanicVA.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseArgsObjv.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseBraces.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseCommand.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseExpr.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseQuotedString.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseVar.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ParseVarName.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgPresent.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgPresentEx.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgProvide.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgProvideEx.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequire.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequireEx.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PkgRequireProc.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PosixError.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Preserve.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PrintDouble.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_PutEnv.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_QueryTimeProc.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_QueueEvent.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Read.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReadChars.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReadRaw.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Realloc.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ReapDetachedProcs.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RecordAndEval.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RecordAndEvalObj.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpCompile.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpExec.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpExecObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpGetInfo.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpMatch.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpMatchObj.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegExpRange.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterChannel.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterConfig.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RegisterObjType.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Release.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ResetResult.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RestoreInterpState.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_RestoreResult.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SaveInterpState.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SaveResult.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ScanCountedElement.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ScanElement.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Seek.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceAll.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceEvent.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ServiceModeHook.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetAssocData.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetBignumObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetBooleanObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetByteArrayLength.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetByteArrayObj.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelBufferSize.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelError.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelErrorInterp.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetChannelOption.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetCommandInfo.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetCommandInfoFromToken.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetDefaultEncodingDir.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetDoubleObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEncodingSearchPath.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleFlags.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleMappingDict.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleParameterList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleSubcommandList.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetEnsembleUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrno.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorCode.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorCodeVA.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetErrorLine.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetExitProc.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetHashValue.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetIntObj.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetListObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetLongObj.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetMainLoop.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetMaxBlockTime.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetNamespaceUnknownHandler.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetNotifier.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjErrorCode.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjLength.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetObjResult.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetPanicProc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetRecursionLimit.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetResult.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetReturnOptions.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetServiceMode.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStartupScript.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStdChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetStringObj.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetSystemEncoding.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetTimeProc.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetTimer.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetUnicodeObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar2.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetVar2Ex.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SetWideIntObj.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SignalId.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SignalMsg.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Sleep.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SourceRCFile.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SpliceChannel.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SplitList.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SplitPath.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StackChannel.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StandardChannels.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Stat.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StaticPackage.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StringCaseMatch.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_StringMatch.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_SubstObj.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TakeBignumFromObj.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Tell.3.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Thread.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ThreadAlert.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ThreadQueueEvent.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceCommand.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceVar.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TraceVar2.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TransferResult.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TranslateFileName.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_TruncateChannel.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Ungets.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniChar.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharAtIndex.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharCaseMatch.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsAlnum.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsAlpha.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsControl.3.gz  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsDigit.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsGraph.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsLower.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsPrint.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsPunct.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsSpace.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsUpper.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharIsWordChar.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharLen.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharNcasecmp.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharNcmp.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToLower.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToTitle.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUpper.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUtf.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UniCharToUtfDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnlinkVar.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnregisterChannel.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnsetVar.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnsetVar2.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UnstackChannel.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceCommand.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceVar.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UntraceVar2.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpVar.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpVar2.3.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UpdateLinkedVar.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfAtIndex.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfBackslash.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfCharComplete.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfFindFirst.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfFindLast.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNcasecmp.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNcmp.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfNext.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfPrev.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToExternal.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToExternalDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToLower.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToTitle.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUniChar.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUniCharDString.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_UtfToUpper.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ValidateAllMemory.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarEval.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarEvalVA.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarTraceInfo.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_VarTraceInfo2.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WaitForEvent.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WaitPid.3.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WinTCharToUtf.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WinUtfToTChar.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_Write.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteChars.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteObj.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WriteRaw.3.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_WrongNumArgs.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibAdler32.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibCRC32.3.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibDeflate.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibInflate.3.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamChecksum.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamClose.3.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamEof.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamGet.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamGetCommandName.3.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamInit.3.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tcl_ZlibStreamPut.3.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tdbc_Init.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attemptckalloc.3.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/attemptckrealloc.3.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckalloc.3.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckfree.3.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/ckrealloc.3.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/Tcl.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/after.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/append.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/apply.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/argc.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/argv.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/argv0.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/array.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_execok.n.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_import.n.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_load.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_mkindex.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_path.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_qualify.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/auto_reset.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/bgerror.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/binary.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/body.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/break.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/case.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/catch.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/cd.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/chan.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/class.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/clock.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/close.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/code.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/concat.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/configbody.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/continue.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/coroutine.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/dde.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/delete.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/dict.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/encoding.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ensemble.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/env.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/eof.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/error.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/errorCode.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/errorInfo.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/eval.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/exec.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/exit.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/expr.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/fblocked.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/fconfigure.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/fcopy.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/file.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/fileevent.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/filename.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/find.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/flush.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/for.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/foreach.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/format.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/gets.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/glob.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/global.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/history.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/http.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/if.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/incr.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/info.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/interp.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/is.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcl.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclcomponent.n.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcldelegate.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclextendedclass.n.gz     tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/itcloption.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclvars.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/itclwidget.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/join.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lappend.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lassign.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/library.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lindex.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/linsert.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/list.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/llength.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lmap.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/load.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/local.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lrange.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lrepeat.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lreplace.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lreverse.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lsearch.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lset.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lsort.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/mathfunc.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/mathop.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/memory.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/msgcat.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/my.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/namespace.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/next.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/nextto.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_class.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_copy.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_define.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_objdefine.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/oo_object.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/open.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/package.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/packagens.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/parray.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/pid.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkgMkIndex.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkg_create.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/pkg_mkIndex.n.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/platform.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/platform_shell.n.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/proc.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/puts.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/pwd.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/re_syntax.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/read.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/refchan.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/regexp.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/registry.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/regsub.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/rename.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/return.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/safe.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/scan.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/scope.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/seek.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/self.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/set.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/socket.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/source.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/split.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/string.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/subst.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/switch.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tailcall.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_endOfWord.n.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_findLibrary.n.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_interactive.n.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_library.n.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_nonwordchars.n.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_patchLevel.n.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_pkgPath.n.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_platform.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_precision.n.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_prefix.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_rcFileName.n.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_startOfNextWord.n.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_startOfPreviousWord.n.gz tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_traceCompile.n.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_traceExec.n.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_version.n.gz           tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordBreakAfter.n.gz    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordBreakBefore.n.gz   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcl_wordchars.n.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tcltest.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_connection.n.gz       tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_mapSqlState.n.gz      tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_mysql.n.gz            tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_odbc.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_postgres.n.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_resultset.n.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_sqlite3.n.gz          tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_statement.n.gz        tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tdbc_tokenize.n.gz         tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tell.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/thread.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/throw.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/time.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/timerate.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tm.n.gz                    tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tpool.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/trace.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/transchan.n.gz             tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/try.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tsv.n.gz                   tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttrace.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/unknown.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/unload.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/unset.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/update.n.gz                tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/uplevel.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/upvar.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/variable.n.gz              tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/vwait.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/while.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/yield.n.gz                 tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/yieldto.n.gz               tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/zlib.n.gz                  tcl
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/wish                                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/wish8.6                               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/compat/stdlib.h        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/compat/unistd.h        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/default.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ks_names.h     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tk.h           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tk3d.h         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkArray.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkBusy.h       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkButton.h     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkCanvas.h     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkColor.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkDList.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkDecls.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkEntry.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkFileFilter.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkFont.h       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkImgPhoto.h   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkInt.h        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntDecls.h   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntPlatDecls.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkIntXlibDecls.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkMenu.h       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkMenubutton.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkPlatDecls.h  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkPort.h       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkScale.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkScrollbar.h  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkSelect.h     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkText.h       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/tkUndo.h       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkDecls.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkManager.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkTheme.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkThemeInt.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/generic/ttk/ttkWidget.h tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixDefault.h   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixInt.h       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk-private/unix/tkUnixPort.h      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tk.h                              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkDecls.h                         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkInt.h                           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkIntDecls.h                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkIntPlatDecls.h                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkIntXlibDecls.h                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkPlatDecls.h                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkPort.h                          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkUnixDefault.h                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkUnixInt.h                       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/tkUnixPort.h                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ttkDecls.h                        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/ttkTheme.h                        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtk.so                              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtk8.6.so                           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libtkstub8.6.a                        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tk.pc                       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/bgerror.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/button.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/choosedir.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/clrpick.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/comdlg.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/console.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/README                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/anilabel.tcl              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/aniwave.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/arrow.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/bind.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/bitmap.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/browse                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/button.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/check.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/clrpick.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/colors.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/combo.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/cscroll.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ctext.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/dialog1.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/dialog2.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/en.msg                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry1.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry2.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/entry3.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/filebox.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/floor.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/fontchoose.tcl            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/form.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/goldberg.tcl              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/hello                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/hscale.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/icon.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/image1.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/image2.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earth.gif          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earthmenu.png      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/earthris.gif       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/flagdown.xbm       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/flagup.xbm         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/gray25.xbm         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/letters.xbm        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/noletter.xbm       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/ouster.png         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/pattern.xbm        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/tcllogo.gif        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/images/teapot.ppm         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/items.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ixset                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/knightstour.tcl           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/label.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/labelframe.tcl            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/license.terms             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/mclist.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/menu.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/menubu.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/msgbox.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/nl.msg                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/paned1.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/paned2.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/pendulum.tcl              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/plot.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/puzzle.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/radio.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/rmt                       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/rolodex                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ruler.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/sayings.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/search.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/spin.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/states.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/style.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tclIndex                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tcolor                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/text.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/textpeer.tcl              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/timer                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/toolbar.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/tree.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkbut.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkmenu.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttknote.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkpane.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkprogress.tcl           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/ttkscale.tcl              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/twind.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/unicodeout.tcl            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/vscale.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/demos/widget                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/dialog.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/entry.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/focus.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/fontchooser.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/iconlist.tcl                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/icons.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/README                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo.eps                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo100.gif              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logo64.gif               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logoLarge.gif            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/logoMed.gif              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo.eps             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo100.gif          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo150.gif          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo175.gif          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo200.gif          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/pwrdLogo75.gif           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/images/tai-ku.gif               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/listbox.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/megawidget.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/menu.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/mkpsenc.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgbox.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/cs.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/da.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/de.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/el.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/en.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/en_gb.msg                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/eo.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/es.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/fi.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/fr.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/hu.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/it.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/nl.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/pl.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/pt.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/ru.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/sv.msg                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/msgs/zh_cn.msg                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/obsolete.tcl                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/optMenu.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/palette.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/panedwindow.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/pkgIndex.tcl                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/safetk.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/scale.tcl                       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/scrlbar.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/spinbox.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tclIndex                        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tearoff.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/text.tcl                        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tk.tcl                          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tkAppInit.c                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/tkfbox.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/altTheme.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/aquaTheme.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/button.tcl                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/clamTheme.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/classicTheme.tcl            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/combobox.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/cursors.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/defaults.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/entry.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/fonts.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/menubutton.tcl              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/notebook.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/panedwindow.tcl             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/progress.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/scale.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/scrollbar.tcl               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/sizegrip.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/spinbox.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/treeview.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/ttk.tcl                     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/utils.tcl                   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/vistaTheme.tcl              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/winTheme.tcl                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/ttk/xpTheme.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/unsupported.tcl                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tk8.6/xmfbox.tcl                      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/tkConfig.sh                           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/tk/license.terms                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/wish.1.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/FindPhoto.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/FontId.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/MeasureChar.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DBorderColor.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DBorderGC.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DHorizontalBevel.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_3DVerticalBevel.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AddOption.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Alloc3DBorderFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocBitmapFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocColorFromObj.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocCursorFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AllocFontFromObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_AttachHWND.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Attributes.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_BindEvent.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasDrawableCoords.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasEventuallyRedraw.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasGetCoord.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsBitmap.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsColor.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsFont.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsPath.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsStipple.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasPsY.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasSetStippleOrigin.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTagsOption.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTextInfo.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasTkwin.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CanvasWindowCoords.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ChangeWindowAttributes.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Changes.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CharBbox.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Class.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClearSelection.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClipboardAppend.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ClipboardClear.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CollapseMotionEvents.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Colormap.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ComputeTextLayout.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureInfo.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureValue.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureWidget.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ConfigureWindow.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CoordsToWindow.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateBinding.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateBindingTable.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateClientMessageHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateErrorHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateEventHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateGenericHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateImageType.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateItemType.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateOptionTable.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreatePhotoImageFormat.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateSelHandler.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateWindow.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_CreateWindowFromPath.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DefineBitmap.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DefineCursor.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteAllBindings.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteBinding.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteBindingTable.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteClientMessageHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteErrorHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteEventHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteGenericHandler.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteImage.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteOptionTable.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DeleteSelHandler.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Depth.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DestroyWindow.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Display.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DisplayName.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DistanceToTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Draw3DPolygon.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Draw3DRectangle.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawChars.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawFocusHighlight.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_DrawTextLayout.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Fill3DPolygon.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Fill3DRectangle.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FindPhoto.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FontId.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Free3DBorder.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Free3DBorderFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeBitmap.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeBitmapFromObj.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColor.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColorFromObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeColormap.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeConfigOptions.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeCursor.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeCursorFromObj.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeFont.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeFontFromObj.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeGC.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeImage.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeOptions.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreePixmap.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeSavedOptions.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeTextLayout.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_FreeXId.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GeometryRequest.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Get3DBorder.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Get3DBorderFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAllBindings.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAnchor.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAnchorFromObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetAtomName.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBinding.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBitmap.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetBitmapFromObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCapStyle.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColor.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColorByValue.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColorFromObj.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetColormap.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursor.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursorFromData.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetCursorFromObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetDash.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFont.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFontFromObj.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetFontMetrics.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetGC.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetHINSTANCE.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetHWND.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImage.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImageMasterData.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetImageModelData.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetItemTypes.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJoinStyle.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJustify.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetJustifyFromObj.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetMMFromObj.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetNumMainWindows.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOption.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOptionInfo.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetOptionValue.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixels.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixelsFromObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetPixmap.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetRelief.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetReliefFromObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetRootCoords.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScreenMM.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScrollInfo.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetScrollInfoObj.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetSelection.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetUid.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetUserInactiveTime.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetVRootGeometry.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_GetVisual.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Grab.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_HWNDToWindow.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_HandleEvent.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Height.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IdToWindow.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ImageChanged.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Init.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitConsoleChannels.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitImageArgs.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitOptions.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InitStubs.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternAtom.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderBottom.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderLeft.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderRight.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_InternalBorderTop.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Interp.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IntersectTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsContainer.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsEmbedded.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsMapped.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_IsTopLevel.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Main.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MainLoop.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MainWindow.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MaintainGeometry.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MakeWindowExist.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ManageGeometry.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MapWindow.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MeasureChars.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MinReqHeight.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MinReqWidth.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveResizeWindow.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveToplevelWindow.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_MoveWindow.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Name.3.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOf3DBorder.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfAnchor.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfBitmap.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfCapStyle.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfColor.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfCursor.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfFont.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfImage.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfJoinStyle.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfJustify.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameOfRelief.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_NameToWindow.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Offset.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_OwnSelection.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Parent.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ParseArgv.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PathName.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoBlank.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoExpand.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoGetImage.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoGetSize.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoPutBlock.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoPutZoomedBlock.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PhotoSetSize.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PointToChar.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PostscriptFontName.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_PreserveColormap.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_QueueWindowEvent.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RedrawImage.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ReqHeight.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ReqWidth.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ResetUserInactiveTime.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ResizeWindow.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestackWindow.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestoreSavedOptions.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_RestrictEvents.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SafeInit.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Screen.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_ScreenNumber.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetAppName.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetBackgroundFromBorder.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetCaretPos.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetClass.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetClassProcs.3.gz      tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetGrid.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetInternalBorder.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetInternalBorderEx.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetMinimumRequestSize.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetOptions.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBackground.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBackgroundPixmap.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorder.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorderPixmap.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowBorderWidth.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowColormap.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SetWindowVisual.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SizeOfBitmap.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_SizeOfImage.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_StrictMotif.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_TextLayoutToPostscript.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_TextWidth.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Uid.3.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UndefineCursor.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnderlineChars.3.gz     tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnderlineTextLayout.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Ungrab.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnmaintainGeometry.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnmapWindow.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_UnsetGrid.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Visual.3.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Width.3.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_WindowId.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_X.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Tk_Y.3.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_AddPadding.3.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_BoxContains.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_CreateTheme.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_ExpandBox.3.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetBorderFromObj.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetCurrentTheme.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetDefaultTheme.3.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetPaddingFromObj.3.gz tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetStickyFromObj.3.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_GetTheme.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_MakeBox.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_MakePadding.3.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PackBox.3.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PadBox.3.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_PlaceBox.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_RelievePadding.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_StickBox.3.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/Ttk_UniformPadding.3.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/bell.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/bind.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/bindtags.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/bitmap.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/busy.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/button.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/canvas.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/checkbutton.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/clipboard.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/colors.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/console.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/cursors.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/destroy.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/entry.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/event.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/focus.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/font.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/fontchooser.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/frame.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/geometry.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/grab.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/grid.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/image.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/keysyms.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/label.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/labelframe.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/listbox.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/lower.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/menu.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/menubutton.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/message.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/option.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/options.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/pack.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/pack_old.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/panedwindow.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/photo.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/place.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/radiobutton.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/raise.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/safe_loadTk.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/scale.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/scrollbar.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/selection.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/send.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/spinbox.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/text.n.gz                  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_bindForTraversal.n.gz   tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_bisque.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_chooseColor.n.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_chooseDirectory.n.gz    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_dialog.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusFollowsMouse.n.gz  tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusNext.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_focusPrev.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_getOpenFile.n.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_getSaveFile.n.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_library.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_mac.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_menuBar.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_menuSetFocus.n.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_messageBox.n.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_optionMenu.n.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_patchLevel.n.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_popup.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_setPalette.n.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_strictMotif.n.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textCopy.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textCut.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_textPaste.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tk_version.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tkerror.n.gz               tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/tkwait.n.gz                tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/toplevel.n.gz              tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_button.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_checkbutton.n.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_combobox.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_entry.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_frame.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_image.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_intro.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_label.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_labelframe.n.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_menubutton.n.gz        tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_notebook.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_panedwindow.n.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_progressbar.n.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_radiobutton.n.gz       tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_scale.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_scrollbar.n.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_separator.n.gz         tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_sizegrip.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_spinbox.n.gz           tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_style.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_treeview.n.gz          tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_vsapi.n.gz             tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/ttk_widget.n.gz            tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/winfo.n.gz                 tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/mann/wm.n.gz                    tk
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unbound                               unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unbound-anchor                        unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unbound-checkconf                     unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unbound-control                       unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unbound-control-setup                 unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unbound-host                          unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/etc/unbound/unbound.conf                  unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/unbound-host.1.gz          unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/unbound.conf.5.gz          unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-anchor.8.gz        unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-checkconf.8.gz     unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-control-setup.8.gz unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound-control.8.gz       unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/unbound.8.gz               unbound
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libblkid.a                            util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libblkid.la                           util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.a                            util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libfdisk.la                           util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmount.a                            util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libmount.la                           util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.a                        util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libsmartcols.la                       util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libuuid.a                             util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libuuid.la                            util-linux-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/addpart                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/blkpr                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/blockdev                              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/cal                                   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/chcpu                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/choom                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/chrt                                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/col                                   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/colcrt                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/colrm                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/column                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ctrlaltdel                            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/delpart                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/dmesg                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/enosys                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/exch                                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fadvise                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fallocate                             util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fincore                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/flock                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fsck.cramfs                           util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fsck.minix                            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/fsfreeze                              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/getopt                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/hardlink                              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/hexdump                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/hwclock                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/i386                                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ionice                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/irqtop                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/isosize                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ldattach                              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/linux32                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/linux64                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/look                                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/losetup                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lsclocks                              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lscpu                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lsfd                                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lsipc                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lsirq                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/mcookie                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/mkfs                                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/mkfs.bfs                              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/mkfs.cramfs                           util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/mkfs.minix                            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/more                                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/namei                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/nsenter                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/pipesz                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/prlimit                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/readprofile                           util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/rename                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/renice                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/resizepart                            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/rev                                   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/rtcwake                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/script                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/scriptlive                            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/scriptreplay                          util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/setarch                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/setpgid                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/setpriv                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/setsid                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/setterm                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/taskset                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/uclampset                             util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/ul                                    util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/uname26                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unshare                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/waitpid                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/wdctl                                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/whereis                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/x86_64                                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/zramctl                               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/local/lib/python3.12/dist-packages/libmount/__init__.py util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/local/lib/python3.12/dist-packages/libmount/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.opt-1.pyc util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/local/lib/python3.12/dist-packages/libmount/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/local/lib/python3.12/dist-packages/libmount/pylibmount.la util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/local/lib/python3.12/dist-packages/libmount/pylibmount.so util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/addpart util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/blockdev util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/cal     util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chcpu   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/chrt    util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/col     util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/colcrt  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/colrm   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/column  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ctrlaltdel util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/delpart util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/dmesg   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/enosys  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/exch    util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fadvise util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fallocate util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fincore util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/flock   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck.cramfs util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsck.minix util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/fsfreeze util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/getopt  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hardlink util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hexdump util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/hwclock util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ionice  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/irqtop  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/isosize util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ldattach util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/look    util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/losetup util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsclocks util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lscpu   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsipc   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/lsirq   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mcookie util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs    util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.bfs util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.cramfs util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/mkfs.minix util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/more    util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/namei   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/nsenter util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/pipesz  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/prlimit util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/readprofile util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rename  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/renice  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/resizepart util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rev     util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/rtcwake util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/script  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scriptlive util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/scriptreplay util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setarch util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setpgid util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setpriv util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setsid  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/setterm util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/taskset util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uclampset util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/ul      util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/unshare util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/waitpid util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/wdctl   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/whereis util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/zramctl util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.BSD-3-Clause util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.BSD-4-Clause-UC util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.GPL-2.0-or-later util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.GPL-3.0-or-later util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.ISC          util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/COPYING.LGPL-2.1-or-later util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/getopt-example.bash  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/util-linux/getopt-example.tcsh  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/cal.1.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/choom.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/chrt.1.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/col.1.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/colcrt.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/colrm.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/column.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/dmesg.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/enosys.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/exch.1.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/fadvise.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/fallocate.1.gz             util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/fincore.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/flock.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/getopt.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/hardlink.1.gz              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/hexdump.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ionice.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/irqtop.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/look.1.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsclocks.1.gz              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lscpu.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsfd.1.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsipc.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lsirq.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/mcookie.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/more.1.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/namei.1.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/nsenter.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/pipesz.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/prlimit.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/rename.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/renice.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/rev.1.gz                   util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/script.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/scriptlive.1.gz            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/scriptreplay.1.gz          util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/setpgid.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/setpriv.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/setsid.1.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/setterm.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/taskset.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/uclampset.1.gz             util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/ul.1.gz                    util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/unshare.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/waitpid.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/whereis.1.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/adjtime_config.5.gz        util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/fstab.5.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/scols-filter.5.gz          util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man5/terminal-colors.d.5.gz     util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/addpart.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/blkpr.8.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/blockdev.8.gz              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/chcpu.8.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/ctrlaltdel.8.gz            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/delpart.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.cramfs.8.gz           util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsck.minix.8.gz            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/fsfreeze.8.gz              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/hwclock.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/i386.8.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/isosize.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/ldattach.8.gz              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/linux32.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/linux64.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/losetup.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/lsns.8.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.8.gz                  util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.bfs.8.gz              util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.cramfs.8.gz           util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/mkfs.minix.8.gz            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/readprofile.8.gz           util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/resizepart.8.gz            util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/rtcwake.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/setarch.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/uname26.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/wdctl.8.gz                 util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/x86_64.8.gz                util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/zramctl.8.gz               util-linux
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/uuidd                                 uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/uuidgen                               uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/uuidparse                             uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidd   uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidgen uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/uuidparse uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/uuidgen.1.gz               uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/uuidparse.1.gz             uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid.3.gz                  uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_clear.3.gz            uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_compare.3.gz          uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_copy.3.gz             uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate.3.gz         uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_random.3.gz  uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_time.3.gz    uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_generate_time_safe.3.gz uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_is_null.3.gz          uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_parse.3.gz            uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_time.3.gz             uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/uuid_unparse.3.gz          uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man8/uuidd.8.gz                 uuid-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzcat                                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzcmp                                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzdiff                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzegrep                               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzfgrep                               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzgrep                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzless                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzma                                  xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzmadec                               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzmainfo                              xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/lzmore                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unlzma                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unxz                                  xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xz                                    xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzcat                                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzcmp                                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzdec                                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzdiff                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzegrep                               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzfgrep                               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzgrep                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzless                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/xzmore                                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzcat.1.gz                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzcmp.1.gz                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzdiff.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzegrep.1.gz               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzfgrep.1.gz               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzgrep.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzless.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzma.1.gz                  xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmadec.1.gz               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmainfo.1.gz              xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/lzmore.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlzma.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/unxz.1.gz                  xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xz.1.gz                    xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzcat.1.gz                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzcmp.1.gz                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzdec.1.gz                 xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzdiff.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzegrep.1.gz               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzfgrep.1.gz               xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzgrep.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzless.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/xzmore.1.gz                xz-utils
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libz.a                                zlib-static
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/zconf.h                           zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/zlib.h                            zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libz.so                               zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1                             zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1.3.1                         zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/zlib.pc                     zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/zlib/copyright                  zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man3/zlib.3.gz                  zlib
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/unzstd                                zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/zstd                                  zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/zstdcat                               zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/zstdgrep                              zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/zstdless                              zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/bin/zstdmt                                zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/zdict.h                           zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/zstd.h                            zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/include/zstd_errors.h                     zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/zstd/zstdConfig.cmake           zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/zstd/zstdConfigVersion.cmake    zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/zstd/zstdTargets-release.cmake  zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/cmake/zstd/zstdTargets.cmake          zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so                            zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so.1                          zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/libzstd.so.1.5.7                      zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libzstd.pc                  zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/doc/zstd/copyright                  zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/unzstd.1.gz                zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstd.1.gz                  zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdcat.1.gz               zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdgrep.1.gz              zstd
data/data/com.icst.blockidle/files/usr/share/man/man1/zstdless.1.gz              zstd
